More professional and succinct training for highly educated and time constrained professionals. More simple and clear instructions for people who have started training and think they have completed it but really didn't. They just forgot a very simple step. Better reporting on metrics to help with future decisions on how to train more effectively.

Overall layout of the platform

Ability to keep multiple groups on the same board with different column types. Automations that integrate with email (i.e., Outlook).

How lines and arrows connect objects needs to be revamped. Way to hard to make direct shapes or ones that would more organically go around other objects. More colors available for sticky notes. More obvious how to share and export. Better change tracking in collaborations.

missing IDS/IPS functionality for user internet protection. missing Next gen Firewall capability on Magic Firewall. missing Identity aware endpoint SWG proxy, currently based on IP address

Duplicating tasks function can be clunky. No note-taking within Wrike. Slow email notifications

we've never really figured out how to get feedback workflows embedded into resolved tickets. nice to have not a priority

There are audio and voice-breaking issues even while having good connectivity. Webex App sometimes has freezing and mute issues when calling. Messages can be very difficult to see from the chat space.

More transparency with bugs and upcoming features. More transparency and pricing consistency when renewing our annual contract. Integration with more third party services (via Pipelines Channels). Ability to handle larger datasets which tend to struggle in the 1 million record range

A better tagging system among users / notification. better connectivity with external applications

the automations are relatively easy, but there's always room for improvement in that regard. The app could run a little more like the desktop. Would like the customization for the lables to be able to be more flexible item to item vs. board to board

IBM Process Mining is fully-featured and functional thus covering every aspect of process mining in real-time leaving me with nothing to dislike.

Deeper integrations with more programs - MS Dynamics. Tutorials - some are out of date or for templates that don't exist. More templates

Product support and patches. New features. Local admin login

Fax, specifically issues with faxes ringing the phone + apps when certain settings like call rolling/forwarding are set a certain way without any clear documentation on the issue and how to fix it

Flexibility within automation statements (e.g. AND OR conditions). More flexibility in managing/editing automations within workspaces. AND/OR conditions for board filtering

Kanban boards, not very user friendly

There were a couple of pieces which initially the version management and the digital asset management piece was not available. Which was like the key feature. Like I created a document and I wanna create versions of this. I think that was not there, but I think as of today, I think it's still there in the product. But there are a couple, couple of features which I would like to see, but I'll have to kind of think back and get back to you because I don't have them right listed.

Search feature is not very good. Sage University helps but a lot of the videos are repetitive and overlap in information. A better online help forum would be nice

Implementation and configuration are a problem due to their complexity and lack of documents and technical help.

future roadmaps. communication was great but needs more..always happens. They were great

In my opinion, the interface is dated (we're implemented on version 11). In my opinion, upgrade path to version 12 is unclear. Hosting costs are high

Automatic Bank feeds. Customization of home page. Importing

While it supports document sharing and version control, features like real-time collaborative editing and threads are missing. Mobile access capabilities are limited.

Pricing - it's reallllly expensive

Event Summaries & Contributions - I wish we could add more than one contribution to an event at a time; this ends up taking hours to apply for donations. Volunteer Activity and Scheduling - there is currently not a robust Volunteer section to schedule and track. Faith Tracking - a space for churches, pastors, etc. would be great so we don't have to use Custom Contact Fields. Planned Giving - needs a tab in the 'View All Details" view, currently only in 'View Contact Record" mode. Primary Contact - needs multiple options with labels. We have many contacts at the same place and Relationships don't always have the right option.

user interface. customization. messaging

GUI. Search speed

Actually it lags quite a lot. Its UI is very feature rich, hence a lot of unnecessary coloring is observed.

proof of concept for meter to cash

Processes broken: many are manual, some are missing. Service Support and Installation Support are disconnected. Execution through other third parties rather than bench strength - some unprofessional people have showed up to work at my sites. Lacks sense of urgency to solve problems

When I have a card open and switch to other applications, sometimes the text I typed in the card is lost because I forgot to close the card. Feature set is growing rapidly which worries me that I might become to complex. Organizing multiple boxes for a user flow isn't that easy, the box and frame fight with each other.

Hard to find certain applications. 401k reporting (Human Interest app) is not very intuitive. I would love to see the team in a tree (hierarchy) rather than just searching for people individually

Real-World Examples

there could be some additional clarification on how logs work since different details seem to be broken apart more, but even this isn't to bad.

AI creation tool would be nice for more plans. Personalizing landing page requires a learning curve. The abundance of functions can overwhelm basic users who just want to shoot quick videos

it is difficult some times to comprehend

Forms are one of the first places we began to out grow the out of box options. The advanced elements of Pipeline configuration have little documentation. There is no way to export or summarize a lot of the configuration information for your application. Things like form rules, field names, etc have to be looked up, there is no place to easily see or even better search those rules so you know where changes need to be made.

Pricing is not ideal for small organizations as its set by groups and not individual seats. Limited integration "actions" unless willing to pay for higher tiers. Task dependencies only available by dates and even then only available on higher pricing tiers.

Various Data connectors. Joint Semantic models via UI (by user)

Make it easier to see performance metrics at certain percentiles

Split out a lot of the current attack strategies into their own training modules to be more in depth. Work on the exit of the module to show user has completed. Frequently have to have users log back on just to "finish" one or two screens at the end so that it will register them as having completed. Cover more things like replying to a phish and why it's bad

Address Cleansing is not as per expectation for Non US Addresses. Reltio Support is not very prompt. RDM - Source To Canonical Resolution should be made country dependent in backend APIs

Integrations. I'd like to have a more customizable homepage. To-do lists and other widgets that could be put on the side of the board

Not publishing content if you are replacing content on a page. For example, we have banner ads on our home page and would like to view them in preview, but we need to publish the content, and when we do that, it pushes the image onto the homepage because the component is already there. Archiving components or images.

Big board and lots of content navigation. Nothing else; huge fan here, guys.

Restore process for Microsoft 365 data could be better

Copying and pasting things from one miro to another miro board. Unable to select all and Copy to another board. Nothing works, unless you copy each shape, textbox etc separately which is not helpful at all. Font sizes and how the Auto font sometimes plays up - can be too small at times. There are no prescribed defaults - example I created a post it at 100% and wrote some text. Then another post it was created when I had the board at 50% - teh font will be too small. However, when i view the board again at 100% - the second post it font will still remain small. I would rather have the ability to set font size across the board that works for me. OR the Miro tool should suggest that the prescribed font at 100% is 'x'. Exporting a board should be available in other formats like .docx and should be editable offline. Currenly, only PDF is available. Sharing work across Miro Boards owned by other people is not helpful

More options for cloud storage providers

I sometimes receive notifications for things not assigned to me

Right now I can't tell you anything.

Performance issues (load time). More templates would be great with ease to change themes/colors. "My boards" section.

Pricing - No options for a one-time purchase like Microsoft's Visio

Ability to import from Financial Management into WBS. Improve on their releases - too many bugs and hot fixes with their monthly release schedule. Ability to update Tabular Model data real time vs having to run nightly refresh jobs. Offer more out of the box PowerBI template reports for standard product functionality

Employee Filters for Review Assignment. Account Manager Knowledge/Customer Service. Time-off for hourly vs. salary. Change codes/reasons.

A report of users that have unsubscribed. Additional emojis

The search function is not very accurate. The card boards seem disorganized, though this could be due to the way our company uses Guru

Integrations with orms. Migrations to other no sql databases

Better tutorial tools. The ability to share outside of the organisation easier. More editing ability

more characters to type in body of message

Some protocols are not supported. Lack of detailed documentation

GUI. Ease of use. Notifications

Desktop application needs to have a smaller window so it doesn't take up entire screen. Ability to send a call directly to a users voicemail from call flow

There are small things that could be improved in order to reduce the amount of clicks (such as copying dimensions from one line to another). The UI is not as user friendly as some of the other solutions out there. The pricing is definitely a lot higher than you're going to be paying for most similar solutions

Allow the creation of schedule task for VeeamZip. Faster start-up. Allow backup of older VMware versions, like 5.5

High learning curve. Not always clear where problems lie. Instrumentations are a heavy lift at times.

Loading issues should not come while loading the projects.

Maybe set up for recons more like BlackLine, with required lines in the module for the reconciliations, to force people to reconcile the accounts. A way to require people to respond and close out their review notes on reconciliations before they can proceed to the next mo

Reporting. User training on reporting. User training

It could use some UX improvements I assume.

Need to modify the Dashboard section. lack of information in the mentioned profile fetched from ATS.

In my experience, we are not able to print tags/SKU stickers for Non-inventory items. In my opinion, it can be hard to pull correct reports from the Textbook module

We haven't come across any major struggles yet.

Create a list can be difficult to use. It feels overly complicated. Attributed gifts cannot be used for merge fields or for ask strings. It would be nice if Financial Household Contribution information also included attributed gifts. Sometimes, I feel more knowledgeable about the database than the 1st point person in their customer service division.

GUI (Graphic User Interface) needs to be improved.

The UI is helpful when you want to be in the weeds but it's hard to get easy snapshots of a project at a high level.

In my opinion, the Help Pages clearly do not realize that a picture is worth a 1,000 words; need illustrations and screenshots!. I think the 'Save' button when editing Quality Processes needs to "float" on the active page, not lurking at the bottom. In my experience, the Arena PLM and QMS Training programs need to be revamped to include "real-world" examples and working through examples, not simply reading through a training manual.

Customer Service (Phone). Email Reporting. Backup Failure Explanations

Their reporting is difficult and complicated to create your own. This can also be moved to a newer language (AP2 View). Being able to use their API/GQL with SSO

Copying a task without having the word copy in them. Being able to go on ooo mode at a specific time

Make it easier to adjust font size, color, etc. Allow integration from Miro board to other platforms. Additional features similar to other platforms

Jotform could improve on making it easier to find advanced features. Sometimes it's not always intuitive. Embedding forms are a little tricky with Jotform compared to other similar products. Formatting is a little difficult with fonts.

Need granular permissions within a Veeam B&R instance. More flexible backup scheduling capabilities

Better thin client support. Improvements to "shell" mode. Ease of use for users

CloudAbility gives optimization recommendations based on past 1 month usage only. Mostly business owners are comfortable on seeing recommendations based on past 2-3 months usage. CloudAbility can do some improvement here. Cloudability just gives downsizing recommendations, as an additional feature CloudAbility can work on providing upscaling recommendations as well. Cloudability can bring lambda and EKS in its scope as well.

AI/ML - this is an area the tool is currently improving in. Mobile experience.

Provide better mapping to events. Easier way to schedule for events. better note keeping tools.

adding a group of usb disk easier. To have the possibility to back up VmWare workstation player like a Hyper-V!!. Have an option to buy Veeam definitely not at month.

When making a change in HR and Payroll and having to make the same changes in Time and Labor-wish the changes carried over. Slow speed. Requesting time off in HR in Payroll is confusing

Cost consideration. Complexity with cross region Replication

Cost. Server specs. Sales reps

Detailed training video for beginners. Up to date Wrike applications. Adaptive themes for dark mode

Service department makes many mistakes. More customizable options when creating review forms. Community should be able to be disabled for terminated users.

Ability to research any given journal without selecting the post month. Ability to bulk certify tasks as reviewed. Ability to provide tailored review comments when rejecting journals

So many customizations can create complications to learn. You're forced to toggle between Time/Labor and HR/Payroll instead of them being combined. Can occasionally be hard to get our local rep on the phone

When scheduling an in-person meeting the address does not pull over from the contact information, it would be helpful to add it to my calendar so I can put it in my GPS easily. It would be slick if the address for the client meetings could be sent directly from the app to my fave GPS system like Google Maps or Waze. Some of my calls using HubSpot CRM appear as possible spam and I'm not sure how to overcome this.

when trying to track the amount of time spent to not make a big fat file. Make it tiny so we can see ow much hours were spent doing a certain thing.

Projects are difficult - It's difficult for users to know they are in a project, and it can cause confusion.

Validating Adaptive Thresholding. Integrating Event Analytics with Servicenow

Guru could potentially increase their capability with creating a recommended review session once in a while and set by management.

A sneak peek of insights without need to contact Miro's sales team

Pretty happy. I'm sure there are still features we aren't taking advantage of, honestly.

I think the Graphical User Interface could use a facelift. It not the most aesthetically pleasing platform in my experience. Particular things like where the default is when you click on each and every dropdown menu. The macro integration could be a little more simplified.

In the construction field we are on site most of the time and we need to have a native mobile app. IBM Planning analytics has no mobile app.

A solid IDE for editing programs. SEU was simple and solid. Then it became outdated and support for it ended as the language continued to evolve. That's fine. But RDi is expensive and shaky at best, and VS Code, while free, is severely lacking even the modicum of features RDi has.

My recommendation is to add "Ask an Expert" back into the Chrome widget. The removal of that feature felts strange. Question functionality could use some love. Perhaps it's just our organization, but when a question is resolved, end users lose visibility into the conversation itself. Removing Questions from Tasks and giving it a greater level of visibility without having to go into a sub menu to access would also be nice. It's not as new-user friendly to tuck them away as they are.

Financial Management. Project actions

Implementing BM Power Servers Initial cost is expensive.

Chat Option. Improvement on the phone app feature. Pricing

A/B Testing Improvements. Improved Deliverability Insights. Enhanced Analytics and Reporting

User interface. Documentation. 3rd party integration.

Some of the menus can be hard to navigate when there are numerous linked tasks and dependencies

Improve configuration portability. Improve scalability. Increase interoperability with containers. Introduce ways to update common dependencies automatically (eg Docker)

Adding more instructions: it's a simple program but users may need an external guide to get started. Automatic filter for background noise. Speech to text captioning

All thing are good if they provide some automated things add that better

Export of Reporting and analytics or dashboard capabilities for executives. Integration to Planview PPMPro for reporting and analytics

Easier to remove locks (this may be set up by my institution)

faster processing on more complex tasks

While Experro offers very solid integration with platforms like BigCommerce and Shopify, one area where it could improve is in providing seamless integration with SAP Customer Experience Cloud (SAP CC).

Options in pulling data when filtering

Communication regarding new releases. Make card verification optional

Improve the interface of the HMC and the RMC connections of the vios via specific ports. Allow installing more unconventional Linux versions.

Digital Signage: Currently, one install = one signage. Bring on multiple screens and streams from a single host!. Zoom Rooms: Your website and documentation only indicate the system/hardware requirements for Intel-based machines. Why doesn't AMD get any love?. Zoom Rooms: The list of compatible/approved HDMI capture devices is out of date; at least 1/3 are discontinued, and there aren't any cost-neutral alternatives on that list when compared to the previous Logitech Capture and Magewell devices.

More details on why the id check failed. We had one case wherein it failed. We were able to ask support, but it would be nice if the report included this in more detail.

-The builder function is great as it allows me to test new lines of code in real-time, but there seem to be a few bugs with The builder. When my team has used it in The past, we have become more frustrated with it. -I wonder if it would be possible to adjust The tracking to be specific but also general. At this point, I have had to create individual tracking codes per each individual Email I want to send. When we are sending out a large number each week, this can be cumbersome. So, I wonder if there would be a way to have a generic tracking code that could go in each Email but be specific once we upload The file into Litmus. -On tracking, can we get averages for a group of emails instead of just all the emails?

Customization. Integrations

Business rule management could be more efficient. Have a scan feature that allows admin to track the usage of when specific fields are used within business rules would minimize duplication efforts, specifically when working with your AMS partner as there is an opportunity for turnover without knowledge transfer between consultants. A clearer understanding of RBP's as it relates to different needs when reporting, example - how layering RBP's can slow down dashboard loads with story reports. Clearer guides and FAQ's for People Analytics

Reporting. Hierarchy management

I have only used iFax one time and I have not found any areas of improvement yet.

Add a calendar?. Easiest access to previous/published tasks

Project Profile Meta data fields. Dynamic Application Custom fields. multi currency

Offline mode for OData. roles for apps created by citizen developers

Communication. Chatting with cutomer service. Wait time when calling customer service

To find options on getting model ID and Serial number while using SNMP for Windows or Linux devices. To store more amount of data on a device basis. SL can optimize the sigterm issue by itself or can find out the exact reason on the collectors.

Not many areas. So we're talking about a product that's been in service for a long time. If we're improving on anything, it's always going to be the newest stuff that they're rolling out. For instance, on 10.1, they just started finally loading a bunch of extra features for SIP that were on H323. So we're still actually in H323 company ourselves for the most part. We have about 500 or so SIP handsets. We don't want to migrate everything yet because I had said this before, our agent infrastructure for our call centers is so vital to the business. We're terrified to change it and lose any features. So maybe with this rollout of 10.1 that we're scheduled to do and a couple of months or so, maybe we'll go full SIP at that point.

Easier way to find an answer in the Community center. I ask a question and see a lot of customer comments, and but I'm looking for the instructions to do something.

Costing compared to its alternatives in market. Machine learning and AI integration should be added to further ease and automate. Set up takes time, specially in hybrid structure

Easier troubleshooting system for failed backup jobs. Quicker backup for large jobs

Integration with LinkedIn has faltered in the last few months and links on posts do not publish so I have to go to LinkedIn itself, delete the post and redo it through LinkedIn with the link.

Enviroment hard to setup. Flowchart screen can have too much information. Some form labels could have tooltips for better understanding

User Interface Complexity. Offline Access. Customizable Password Policies

Filling in Fields is a little slow because you have to click and can’t just hit tab and start typing

Allowing for duplication of Transaction line items. More simplified UI. Better mobile site

A bit pricey

Fixed Asset module does not handle multiple invoices very well. Imported Credit Card transactions cannot be allocated. Setting up new users is difficult to know what needs to be selected.

Waterfall graphs could use improvement. Building Word documents with all the reviews. Formatting could be expanded

Reporting. Applicant Tracking. Benefits

Menus of each group need a better Ariane's thread. Possibility to add points or importance in a question depending of the answers

Not sure. maybe integration with mainframe file systems.

Emails aren't always consistently styled. Dashboard can get a little cluttered with notifications. Banner pop ups aren't always relevant content for the average user

Need to be easier to add to any group. Not change selection when you hit the up and down arrow. Make all the screens visable

Query optimization by enhancing speed. Data Migration into Astra DB can be simplified. UI for management tools can be more friendly.

Credits are low, if you provide more credits it would be helpful. We are not able to open more profiles, because of View credits. Some resumes are empty.

Licensing options within the portal, e.g. calculate co-term. End of Life/Support information for equipment within Portal. Ability to import 3D layouts of offices

WhatsApp integrations. Trigger customisation. User interface

Simpler definition of difference between the free and paid plans. Potential for a lower volume paid plan. I am only using about 20% of my allotted volume

Personally, I think it might be able to do a better job at alerting, but that could be my knowledge and not really the product. We're actually going to be working some knowledge transfer with one of your companies to better train us on the product and to make sure we're using it to its full capabilities.

Migrating sitckey notes to excel can be a challenge

monday.com App needs improving for production floor tablets. Some bugs when uploading pictures, sometimes 3-5 images get uploaded sometimes. monday.com App needs improving for production floor tablets/phones. Unable to see recent updates/items.

I wished I could reach them earlier than 10am CST.

More details about the traffic that is flowing (eg. capturing all headers and requests/responses for a small portion of the traffic for troubleshooting purposes). Performance of the web application (Instana itself) sometimes were not good. Simplify the infrastructure tab

Ability to v-look. Easier/better training tools

Being able to sign off on multiple reconciliations at once without having to manually click on each one

Expansion within China territory. Unification of UI for all the various products. Examples of how to execute personalization and content recommendation for marketers

New update made the UX a bit more tough to read

I feel like I get too many email alerts from my team but that's not a Wrike problem. it's a team problem.

Customizing templates

I’d like it if they had phone support. More storage offered

Better tool to create branded forms. Easier way to hide some of the tools. More confirmation of security

Recruiting Integrations with Indeed. Improved Calibration. Better reporting functionality

Charts have limited functionality. Shapes can not be hyperlinks. Formatting within shapes

UI. Site load times. More integrations

administrative functions are antiquated and in some cases half-baked. Manage Templates is an ungodly mess. different look/feel/functionality from module to module. lack of flow between modules

connecting separate boards together for consolidated status. sub items being drag and drop

Sometimes Sage Intacct takes more time than usual time to run a few reports like vendor master. And, looks to see some improvement here. Credit applications to vendor invoices are consolidated at the time of application and it could have been made individually. The audit trail is not up to the mark and it should track all the activities with complete details.

I think now is the time for them to integrate Moosend with AI tools like ChatGPT. Without SMS feature, transactional SMS messages cannot be sent and so not suitable for ecommerce sites. There are few software bugs. For instance in order to verify sender, often no confirmation message received. So one needs to take help of their chat support to verify manually.

Feed workflows into Hubspot sequences - right now they just go into HubSpot and I have to manually add them to a sequence. Auto-update our database contacts with new/fresh info

Sometimes the automation of who gets assigned a task or its deadline happens so discreetly that we can't tell when a mistake has happened - until it's too late. Synchronization with TrackIt for time-tracking sometimes glitches. Sometimes status changes on monday.com simply don't stick. Maybe it's a connectivity issue on our end?

make ipad compatible. make Guru app features more similar to website

Add hashtags in the tool so you can save them for future use

Implementation and documentations for new users

Automation pulling data with more third party systems like BigQuery

Mobile App. User Interface. Pick up pauses

Better Ad hoc reports. Large file transfers are sometimes challenging. There is no "undo" button in project plan

Updating the software internally, rather than finding the external links, downloading etc

I can't think of any way that I would improve this product

more profound & convenient formula. Support. Pricing

GUI Navigation

Complex tool but manageable

Outlook integration is clunky; it's hard to track recurring invites with updates. Mirroring can get complicated, it would help to have a "zoomed out" view to see connections across boards. Would like to see more Agile-focused templates

So we just had some performance issues when it comes to routing. Because the web application firewall sits in front of our website, which is hosted on-site, we had some trouble with the VGP protocols between the two sites and it took us a while to figure it out. So that is probably one area where we could improve. Otherwise, when it comes to the WAF functionality itself, it's really good.

Render. 3D. Interface

Add more visual functionality. Incorporate more technology, like surveys

Some of the differences between the different modules are hard to tell. Speed using the mobile device view

More color selection within the boards/tables as we color code our shipment batches

Voting functionality doesn't always work properly. Would like easier access to emojis. Exporting to google products would be helpful

GPS and support. Prioritizing on some features to be released. Security roles structure

Although this is common, and mainly due to OS related issue I'd want to bring the point of switching between audio devices can be tough sometimes.

I would like to see auto page advancement.

More AI Support. Speed. Adaptability for User

Report criteria doesn't always save after hitting the save button. Easy report creation for new users

Easy to use. Easy to configuration. No other comment

The record size is quite low in comparison with other solutions. It will be great if it provides schema validation.

monday.com should let you copy boards without altering the layout.

Would have been great to have more company branding in the experience

Dashboarding and multiple charts. Performance. Involvement of statistics. Easy to use functions

agent card vertically

Automations. Label Colour Customisations. Notifications

Option to send a notification when a deadline is coming up

Easily connect one group from one board to another. Exporting of files via PDF. More flexibility on the subitems. Can sort one group without affecting the other group within the same board

It would be good to have more themes for monday.com.

Phone app having more features

test environment. More responsive account manager

The platform pricing is on the higher side and might not be a good fit for smaller with budget constraints. I’d say it works best for enterprises with substantial ABM budgeting.

Bluetooth range. Connecting with laptop. App to manage. Headset gets hard to wear for long periods with glasses on, pushed against ear/glasses arm, and gets sore

The "email" column. There should be a way to be able to send an email with copy to other users but directly from automations. As of right now, you can send an email with CC's but you have to manually send it. If you use the "email" row in an automation it only sends out the email to the main email entered, not the CC's or pulse. CC to pulse, in email column. This feature works partially, when an email is sent, copying the pulse of the task, it does provide updates on the task, but when the email is sent to emails outside of the monday.com organization it reads an error, saying that said email is not recognized within monday.com. I think this is a missed opportunity for working with automations and external clients to the team. Columns. I like the way the columns work, however it would be cool if there was a way to personalize which are shown in each group of elements. As I've stated, i have a master work form for clients, and being a master, including so much fields, the columns are endless, and I divide the entries in groups, which not necesarilly need to see each column. This, you would argue, could be solved having multiple boards, however i would much prefer it if everything was contained in one single board. Duplicating tasks on other boards. I remember this including the actualizations column before, but it doesn't anymore. It is really helpful. Bring it Back!!!!

onboarding. end user support. new feature requests. price

Processing speed. Ability to edit templates doesn't function exactly as an excel sheet would. Import processes should automatically update for the following year if user selects 'no changes'

Learning material. Support

There seem to be a lot of limitations around fields (adding/removing/renaming) that can't be worked around. It can feel like "extra work" for CSMs - more focus on baking its use into existing workflows. Integration with renewal/expansion forecasting tools.

Can't really think of anything.

Drive firmware updates are a bit clunky, the update files have to be sourced manually. IBM has separate storage monitoring you need to set up to get good historical statistics. If you need 8 16Gb ports you will not be able to expand with a SAS connector.

I’d like them to have better notifications for tracking on progress on various items

Enhance the UI. Lower cost per profile. Continue to expand analytics capabilities

Reoccurring AP invoices. AR

Learning setup structures and settings

Container crashes. Load time

Using a track pad for mac is a pain. Using a mouse is a lot easier

It would be great to see the Export to PDF feature in the free version of higher quality

Some of the administrative functions cannot currently be done via the Console UI

Applying credits to transactions when paying bills could be easier. You have to drill down into the credit amount in order to apply a certain credit memo to a certain invoice. Otherwise, Sage will decide which credit(s) to use for you and it may result in only part of a credit memo being used. Adjusting 1099 amounts could be easier. You can only select a starting amount for the year instead of entering the exact 1099 amount that you want. Needs a way to search credit card transactions (in the Credit Card Transactions section) and AP transactions that were paid by credit card in one search. Currently have to search in two places and the credit card transaction section uses "Payee" and the AP section uses "Vendor Name".

Reporting: I use custom PowerShell scripts to generate my own reports from the csv files I download from training and phishing campaigns. The reporting is dynamic and based on current user information. This means that a campaign with a PPP of 10% last year will now show something like 8% since some users who were in that campaign are no longer in the system. This makes it impossible to track progress since the report for any phishing campaign changes when a user is removed from the system.

Some of the enhancements do not support HR operations; i.e. data governance masking birth year. Support on tickets; sometimes the support does not have the expertise to resolve issues and tickets get routed for weeks.

The integrations are sometimes hard to manage. The notification system can get quite unclear

bulk uploading. APIs

correcting a payment file without discarding all correct rows

Timing out. Improve layouts/navigation.

Speed. In my opinion, converting is difficult to put it lightly. In my opinion, submitting cases can be slow to get solutions to issues that arise

Steep learning curve to learn the platform. Not the best solution for all data (ie. some transaction data could not be processed). Uses a lot of memory for tasks that do not seem to necessitate it

Inventory tracking. Compatibility confirmation of the equipment used

Mobile app needs improvement. Calendar with several items on one day is hard to see. Program can run slow

Login through phone number or pin kind of thing. Couldn't think of any more

is there a way to save miro boards and find them more quickly? I often lose them and it's hard to find them

The interface can be more attractive. when logged out we have to again select the company and then entities, so its better when we login again it display the same page at which we were.

Retain previous renders rather than charging each time I want to load the same code to view it again. Provide code from "how-to" developer sessions at Litmus Live. For example, Progress Bar That Tracks

UI can be slow at times

Somewhat costly. Migrating from RDS to other DB service is complex. Horizontal scaling can be improved.

more features which help connect user. different API integration. seamless connection with onprem and other DB agent

Within Global Consolidations you can only consolidate on a monthly basis. When acquiring foreign companies mid-month, this makes it incredibly difficult to provide a consolidated OBS in USD. Custom financial report setup. While very flexible, we found we had to create many account groups manually to format our reports in an intuitive way. It would also be nice if reports could be filtered by 'from' and 'to' dates, rather than by end date only and adding extra columns in the report setup. Revenue recognition for custom rev rec types. Ability to delete/modify data after incorrectly posting a payment on an invoice. Dashboards are lacking and need to be updated manually frequently

Payment integration. Migration szenarios

User management section of the platform could use some efficiency upgrades

Our current challenge right now is moving to the React tech stack. So all of our developers have been working on that and there's been a decent amount of friction with it. But that's just any sort of new tech stack happening that's going to happen. So it was to be expected. Another con is just simply having that non-agile development requirement to be like, "Hey, we wanna see this happen. Okay, now we've got to wait six weeks for that to get deployed to production." But again, that's the sort of thing that just is a normal part of doing business with development.

Learning curve on administration portal

They need to start adding features and stop changing they layout. In the Xero Ledger function allow the client to also process. Start going through the suggestions that people make, you will find good stuff there.

It would be cool if you could make calls from it. If you would add a helpdesk interface so it could manage all your customer service

The remote access system is a bit convoluted (needing to log into another portal / multiple steps required). A little slow on startup

Better integration with third-party apps, such as Jira. The amount of ways you can edit Jira cards is very elementary.

User Interface

Customer service is not great. Whilst we can transfer time amongst the various locations, we don't have a good report for recording this. Tax issues are becoming a regular thing every month

All good. Working for us

When composing an email out of segments, the ability to save it as a draft to review later would be awesome, instead of needing to set up a Play. In the admin section, I love that we can have a color palate - but we'd like the color palete to be applied in other areas so CZ has more of our companies branding. The content templates can be hard to stylize if you don't know html. Add the Merge Fields functionality to tasks, especially tasks made by playbooks

Having to delete a user and recreate them because password reset does not work correctly is bad. After contacting support due to some missing tax rates for certain zip codes we were told this was a known problem. The case has been open almost a month.

User interface can be a bit hard to navigate especially when many teams use the tool, there is a lot of info displayed

Type conversion. Exporting in batches. Pricing

Automations. Connection between boards. Email integration

Success Center with more detailed niche trainings. a little more user friendly to those who are technologically challenged. the ability to customize it more to the customer's preferences

metadata modelling capabilities could provide greater capabilities to do common data engineering tasks. integration with modern data stack tech like Fivetran, dbt and Snowflake could and should go much deeper. mapping and visualization capabilities could be improved. cloud deployment could be more advanced.

I think the tab that suggests other cards would helpful. My search for specific words opens too many cards, and it is very difficult to pinpoint exactly what I am looking for. I would recommend a feature of recently viewed or most popular tabs. I am sure those logging on are all looking for most of the same information.

UI changes frequently..sometimes hard to find where features have moved. Didn't eject tape after writing to tape library..this has now been fixed

Advance email reminders pertaining to bank holidays

I would say out-of-the-box plugins. It's very easy to make it for DNA spaces, but I'd love to see more part more companies partner with them so that the plugins are just available to add on right out of the box. You don't have to work with a vendor and say, "Hey, I need you to come in and develop this API", it's already there. That would be the one thing that I would say that could get a little bit more help with.

Salesmate should give integration with tools like ZoomInfo for database access. Salesmate should allow to integrate with tools like Skype too, instead of using their existing dialers only. Salesmate should add more charts to entice the reports.

Run works well for us. maybe some additional reports formats. Changing employee information

I think as the competitive landscape for project management software evolves it creates a bit of an issue for the user. I think intergrations are key and being able to add those update from another platform would be great. I think monday.com boards can be forgotten about, so some manager tools to help run through the boards rather than just share the screen would help take it to the next level. I have a concept for this which could work well for you [@me ..]. Off platform how does monday.com help a project manager, I am not one myself but things like motivation and or some sort of daily optimisation could help them maybe.

Visualizations are not very intuitive. The views are not as friendly as Tableau for less experienced data users. Pulling in graphs - not easily editable

Recruiting to Onboarding. Onboarding 2.0. Better ease of use for Business Rules. Allowing HR professionals without an IT background Story Reports & UI Configuration

Improvement in the ability to refresh departments monthly at once instead of department by department

Free Plan is Quite Basic. Needs a Chat Option. Email Notifications Somewhat Delayed

Sometimes Monday board can be a bit chaotic, but I like that its up to the user to organize it and include things we actually need.

Online portal looks dated

Sync between various SF modules. Data flow between different modules

I think search functions can always be.

not highly transferable to situations when neither party is using SAP. There are certain ideas here that are unique to SAP.

Early on the product was unstable. Since fixed. The need to contact the BU when TAC cannot solve the issue. This happens all the time. Upgrades to the product are not smooth and take a great deal of time.

EPI find. Editor experience

Letting you know about bugs in the dashboard right away could be done quickly. Fewer glitches. Different color schemes to highlight different things.

Provide the exact time for problem solving. Need of more high skill technical staff

That's tough. I feel like the hardest thing for us so far is it's just such a wide range of things you can do with it that we're still trying to wrap our arms around "How are we going to do this next thing? How are we going to implement these five things?" It just takes a lot of time for us to be able to integrate it, understand what we're doing, scope it all out, build it the right way, and then get the team to start using it in a way that makes sense for them. Get some feedback from them and tweak it a little bit. It's not out of the box and flip it on.

Adding low power modes on to devices

I wish I can copy over all tasks from one year to the next

delays during chat where the last message sent does not reflect at once and needs a page refresh. problems with reporting that does not show real-time data when pulled up. creation of child tickets a bit buggy, does not reflect after adding one

If I upload in finance it doesn't upload into project folder, so I have to add invoices in 2 spots. If they select Ready to Invoice in board not under assignment it doesn't hit finance board to invoice

Automations are limited to updates it woud be nice to update any siingle column if needed (tags for instance)

More automations for status changes - especially with mirrored columns. More automations in general for mirrored columns. Automations and formulas that work specifically with a group rather than just a column.

While the current menu management works effectively, some users may find a simplified user interface to be more intuitive and user-friendly.

Focus on Retail issues. Performance. flexibility in customization

Always open to continued improvements on the UI

I struggle with creating a form to be completed through Monday.com board. That setup is not easy. Creating new Boards can be challenging and time-consuming. Training others on Monday board also takes time

Sfp are sort of hard to plus in on the top slot

User interface is quite outdated and hard for new users. Customisation is less. Navigation through different screens and plans

More Architectural templates. More generic architectural icons and entities similar to EA tool

I think PEAK could be easier to navigate

archive. search tool

add more personalize APP themes. I don't have any recommendations at this time. I don't have any recommendations at this time.

Sometimes glitches - but these things can happen on any tool. Maybe feature more classic features into FLEX.

Scripted to setup initially in complicated. integration with 6sense and Drift complex

The biggest con I hear from employees is that their payroll check does not show pending the day before. When a Workflow has been declined by any chain, the target's manager (the person who created the workflow) is not notified. This is a big problem for us. Their ACA support is not the best. You call in and talk to someone about your issue and then they talk to Namely's ACA specialist and then they relay the answer to you. You do not get to talk directly to the ACA specialist so if you go back and forth with questions (like I did), it takes forever to get a problem solved.

SAP SuccessFactors require to build AI features in their recruiting module. Clients are looking for advanced features for resume screening and matching, and that is missing.

Insights on you process. Architecture of your process management

Reference Data Management. Workflow configuration

It can be a little hard to find features through the various menus as they only appear when you hover over them. Speed needs to be improved. It has become slower over time but I know they are working on that. Some of the new 3.0 features that I was very excited about were put behind higher subscriptions.

One thing we needed once is seeing JVM-related metrics for our production workloads to investigate a memory leak. We expected better tooling from IBM Instana for this.

It used to be that I didn't have to click on the certificate on my pip. I'm not sure whether that has something to do with how it is set up at my organization, but it would be easier not to have to do that.

One vendor can be connected to multiple addresses when integrated with any workflows which helps to avoid any duplicate vendors. Limited audit trails on payments and bills processed to trace the information. Quick instructions on every page to understand how to use this page to user to make it more easy to use and adopt the Intacct.

Workflow reliability (items don't always trigger). Load speed/efficiency. Form customization

More transparent approach to employee privacy. More easily accessible documentation. More ways to identify company processes

Automation in the workflows

Planning Analytics does not have a native mobile app. This can be a limitation for users who need to access their plans on the go. An easier way to share and collaborate on plans with other users, both within and outside of the organization. The Planning Analytics user interface can be complex and difficult to learn, especially for new users. It would be helpful to have a more modern and streamlined interface, with more intuitive navigation and controls.

Payroll funds withdrawal more consistent depending when payroll is processed

Additional Integrations for Automated Goal Tracking. Action Items

Time clock system that works with OnPay?

It has a limited support for non-SQL/PostgreSQL engines. More integration with other AWS services

I'd love to see Dataverse backup capabilities added

Having individual workloads until the ultimate version is quite a bummer. I'm still discovering functions but I think that it requires a tad more of email functions embed

The desktop app does not work all the time in the click-to-dial feature. Sometimes it times out and requires the number to be dialed again. This has started occurring since we reinstalled Yiptel replacing Bhive.

At this time I can't think of anything

So far so good

Show error messages with the exact error instead of No candidate available. Example at goverment questioner- check goverment questioner or something like that. Show interview feedback from the link of the notifications of it. Show the copy candidate to an other req beside the other buttons. Be able to change compensation grade in the compansation grade field. Possibility to delete inbox items pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeese!. Having clickable options for everything instead of searching it with writing it in the searchbar. This is particulary annoying.

Data syncing between the mobile app and the web platform may occasionally experience a little delay. That is not a major problem, but it can cause small inconsistencies in real-time data. Concur's setup features may seem a little complicated to certain administrators. Concur offers a number of powerful reporting services, but some users might want more in-depth options for tailoring reports to their own business requirements.

sub tasks. chart views

Limiting at times - it is very good to use during the ideation and brainstorming phase; harder to use when you're ready to truly present crisp, compelling "primetime" ideas to a large audience. Interactive in creation (text boxes, post-its, voting, etc.), difficult to build an immersive experience with interactive elements that "wow" people. Example: I would love to build an experience where I could "walk clients down a hall" and then have them choose their adventure from a few options - make it a themed, interactive experience when walking them between workshop topics and activities (e.g., have a spinning roulette wheel with a casino client, an elevator that stops at various floors for a hotel client, etc.). In my opinion, the music is terrible - and the music clips are too short. Great idea, but in my opinion, it's apparent that Miro cheaped out on licensing. Very noticeable when the same 20 seconds loop over and over and over again - had to bring a client workshop to a standstill to fix because it was so distracting

help menu. loading screens, bugs, glitches. simpler base scheduling system

needs more templates. functionalities. integrations with more tools like SFDC

Billable tracker seems to glitch. Automatic timer would be useful. More reporting options

the older interface was easier to manage. newer interface was as challenge in the beginning. closing 3rd party apps so that can be installed

Back office management of licenses

Block Management. Asset Management. Reporting

Speed. Mobile App Usability

Scaling up takes a long time; it needs to be much faster. Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) has a limit on the number of databases you have, unlike Azure SQL Server

delete call log. don't automatically log out of app. ring more

Automations. Board Tools. Widgets

Sales people over promised and underdelivered. Communication w/ support has been difficult (empathizing with no concrete solutions)

It's easy to overload Wrike with folders and tasks, it would be nice for it to be more organizable with files. At times it can be hard to locate older items/projects.

It's very expensive, especially for growing operations like ours. It's a bit difficult to set up and start using confidently.

mobile app flexibility. it's still a bit pricey for a smaller company

Make it easier to manager an account with multiple apps. Data in PA tool often loads very slowly. Streamline journey steps

In some situations I'd love to have less options. The overload on different options makes it sometimes hard to just set up a simple board.

adding files without an active chat could be easier. navigation between areas could use work

There are endless possibilities that you can configure with Experro, but it would be good to have hands-on tutorials tailored to specific use cases.

Console is a bit convoluted. Too much navigation needed to change settings. In my experience, it takes too much time to make changes

Reporting- hard to pull reports. Customer service on the phone. Benefits- many errors. workers comp code-errors/glitches

Website load times. Ease of implementation - adding users

More options for the forms. Adding a training portal to learn all the features it offers. Fix the occasional loading glitches

Restructuring the columns to flow better

the cost modeling is a bit complex for my taste.. I had a hard time predicting it.

Possibility to hide unused options.

Boards can become very large when there is a lot of information to display. While the documentation for getting started is good, it would be helpful to have more examples of specific case uses.

Dependent on Powerful Connection. Limited Training especially for Advanced Users. Complex Integration Infrastructure

better user design

Expensive, have to pay for many different modules

Onboarding 2.0 needs to be more streamlined. Recruiting need a apply with linked in option. Employee profile need more modern look and feel

Easier way to separate from different departments. Better organization. More Admin Access

Cleaner dashboard

working while my browser went to "offline" mode, can be discouraging, realising all is deleted. maybe have a feature that alerts the user when connection to the monday app is lost, and the user's work will be deleted. find better ways to help a team start a new template, selecting the relevant fields can be a challanging task, so a wizard interface, with examples and easy selection, might do the trick, and enable more users to have easy access to advanced features

Some of the stuff, like recently we are migrating from an on-prem exchange to Microsoft 365, and having it above both interfaces, both application icons on the desktop makes it kind of confusing for users. So if there was a way that they could just use the same icon and it knew how to route for what the user was licensed for. That would probably be a little bit better. And then I think some of the face of the product, the gooey interfaces could be improved.

Sometimes the communication templates are hard to edit but other than that its a solid product that once configured kind of runs on its own.

Mobile App - I would like to start a call from the app itself

more efficient searches. Multiple ways of creating report and alert is confusing. Multiple ways of creating report and alert is confusing

Support quality needs to be improved. Attitude towards customer should change. It would be great to add more locations, in Eastern Europe and Asia

Not intuitive. Not clear how to take next steps. Not clear when submissions are incomplete

It takes quite a few clicks and navigates through a fair few screens to actually get to restoring a backup. Might be nice to select everything required for a restoration on one view?

Customer service

Quick time tracking for many tasks throughout that day that only take 10 minutes to do. navigating hundreds of tasks at once

Advanced Content Formatting. Enhanced Mobile Experience. Advanced Analytics and Reporting.

Better compression of the backups. The backups of Office 365 and the overall performance can always be improved

The ability to work with other accounts payable options

The presentation of the widgets on team landing pages could be more user friendly. Kind of messy with the different ways of scrolling

Query Speed UP. Intuitive correlation. Report improvement

I don't think it's necessary to have a Individual and Business option. A QR Code generator would be a nice but only if it is not a redirected link. A Zoho Mail integration is lacking but the workaround is simple

Metrics could offer more detail into the results of tests specifically which questions were answered incorrectly. Some questions asked after the training material is presented are not covered in the material itself. There should be an option to retake the tests.

Cross object relationship in custom reporting. Edit option in invoice after reversing cash application

So many different websites for administration learning and support and community, etc. Response to tickets in a timely manner

Sharing feature- either i have to find users emails to share or i cant find the edit functionality. More stickers. Lock/ hide, sometimes gets frustrating because of the interaction. Constant sign in is kinda annoying

Clearer project timelines. Clearer communication of stock availability before purchase

Online action design is confusing - learning curve steep. Email design is confusing - learning curve steep. Database learning curve is steep. Overall the platform could be much more intuitive than it is.

Crazy awful latency when loading. Sometimes the events tab won't show any logs. Difficult to follow certain parts of investigations, but this is being addressed with Mission Control. (I'm talking about the original interface)

The formulas column is a bit difficult to get a hold of. Need to simplify or may be it should allow excel formulas to integrate (this way one can import existing formulas from an excel/google sheet). Pricing! This is an expensive tool and sometimes it becomes the dealbreaker. Need the freedom to rename the first column of the board. It just says 'item' right now.

More modern UI. More feature rich web interface. Proxy Templates

Cost. Limited Cloud Storage. Tearing Hardware

Improvement in the performance when updating data cubes. More forecasting options. More flexibility for vacancies in personnel planning - move to position control model

News Updates. Outbound Messages. Ticketing

Reporting of metrics / data visualization is not as intuitive as it could be. Job archive is not easily searchable. Diversity targeting & tracking

Core Core Core..not ready por employee management. Lack of configured processes. Reporting with "silos" although all the modules are in the same tool

Would appreciate it if the user interface gets simplified and more user-friendly. Should improve the debugging experience by adding features such as step-by-step debugging, breakpoints and watchpoints. While automating complex workflows, its performance is a bit slow.

Allow us to purchase 3 licenses instead of 10 at a time. Additional security features on the Pro plan. More robust integrations

It would be good to receive updates on new offerings/ solutions without asking

Starting up is difficult of the servers. There could be some help provided in setup and onboarding. Its cost is a but higher compared to the competition. HMC and RMC connections

Reminders if payroll is not run before the payroll date

Pricing. Admin and user portals look a bit dated. LastPass for Business does know what sites you have saved, locking that down would be for the best

Ease of use for training and onboarding. More seamless integration with VAN

Testing Delays. Not Being Able To Find Solutions To ALL Ticket Issues. More Ways To Schedule Out Messaging.

Streamline dashboard interface. Make support button more prominent. Enhance aesthetics of board icons

Issues and Downsides

Easier to learn how to be more efficient

In my opinion, the productivity website is clunky and limited. It's better than it used to be but still needs lots of work. It seems a little too difficult to get an answer when sometimes all I need is a quick what taxes apply in this area. In my experience, sales people are WAY TOO PUSHY. They need to understand that us users aren't always the decision makers and that there can be 3 levels of approval that the "negotiations" have to go through. So getting pushy and frustrated with us users is not the way to get the service agreements extended.

client participation without hastle. Basecamp is much better here (or was at least). The search should be able to to från every view

The graphical editor would be easier to use if it was responsive. Kameleoon is cookie-dependant, so visitors who use ad-blockers may not be targeted

Non-convex Optimization problems. In my opinion, difficult to integrate with existing software. In my opinion, difficult to use for a new user with no modelling background. High memory hardware required for its usage. Expensive commercial license

Allowing the user to click in the middle of a song from the full list instead of clicking it and then going to the bottom of the screen to preview different parts. Continue adding more MOGRT files to be used directly with Premiere. More video clips with model releases.

Jira plugin needs some extra features. The calendar only has the option to schedule half an hour timeslots. Begin and end time would be so nice. (add start end to date column?)

designing your own automations has limitations. ongoing tracking and linking to deadlines sometimes doesn't always work. linking with other apps isn't always simple to set up

latency. additional subitem flexibility. More automations (I know they are coming)

Sometimes the site can lag when uploading large files. The new interface is a bit hard to navigate

Making it easier to see edits in boards by others. Increasing the functionality and ease of use for tables on Miro boards. Providing the ability to hide the gutter on the left side of the screen (with team identifiers)

It demands a bit integrations to fully have all travel management needs covered.

It's very easy to use for me and does everything I need it to do.

a solution for aws

Some integrations with external systems, such as store inventory control, can be more straightforward. Integrations with more customizable and two-way Facebook Ads or Google Ads for direct management by Monday. Automations of creating new tasks when some action or job is completed are sometimes confusing

Enhanced cost optimization features could further help organizations like ours optimize spending.

add more documents for every scenario. more details of the price to backup

Technical support

Export formatting

Resizing the pop up windows so they fit properly within smaller browser windows. Not having to scroll left to right to fit oversize tables (resizing ability).

TFA/MFA is missing, would be great to have this as an extra security measure for login. Uninstall of container, leaves behind files/folders under /portainer/Files/AppData/Config/ which needs to be manually removed. Have an option to archive App Template URL. Currently only 1 URL can be specified, it would be nice to be able to save/archives multiple URLs and select which URL must be referred or used by Portainer.

Updating the pin drops to give local admin ability to designate where to clock in

Loading - regular updates so there is no long time waiting for content to load. Background designs - more colourful and personalised. Premium option - make a trial for large group stakeholders to check out

Email blast. More dashboards for SEO. more dashboards for IT

We all use it for so many different things. What I use it for, I don't really have a whole lot of complaints. I guess the only issue, and it's just like this with other Adobe products, too, there are so many ways to skin the cat that sometimes it can be hard to create standard processes. That feels like more of an internal kind of problem and not an Adobe or an Adobe Acrobat problem.

navigation. better hyperlinks. less choppy playback on videos

Support for SQL like query with more functional features of analysis while viewing distributed tracing. support for very low level specific integration from APIs to classes to functions to piece of code. More detailed documentation, as we faced issues while integrating for the first time.

Responding to time sensitive matters, via email. Not allowing opportunity to put in for already approved time off. Setting the Self Service Portal as default would be preferable, especially for new users.

Currently, Miro heavily relies on an internet connection. Having an offline mode would be beneficial for users in areas with unstable or limited internet access, allowing them to continue working on boards without interruptions. Enhancements in text editing capabilities, such as better support for formatting options (font styles, colors, etc.) and spell check, would improve the overall document editing experience within Miro. While Miro is accessible on mobile devices, the mobile app's functionality could be improved. Some features that are seamless on desktop versions, such as complex diagramming and precise object manipulation, can be challenging on smaller screens.

Exporting data in a trusted reliable way for those not using connectors. Easier to implement RDM into the data models. More tools to manage the configurations. More nuanced match rules

Could embed videos better. Allow for other image formats to be integrated into Atlassian Confluence. Saving and publishing page can be fiddly

Creating a new version of a course can be cumbersome when it is a part of multiple curricula and even inactive curricula. We are finding situations where learners are getting a new version of a course assigned on an old curriculum that was deactivated a couple of years ago, causing confusion on reporting. Manually adding members to Communities is a little confusing, as there is no clear indication of what to do to ensure access to all folders & documents within the Community. Certifications can be confusing at first, especially if not utilizing them consistently. We only did one or two and found them to be a little confusing both on the administrative side and the learning side.

Not all functionality is intuitive to adopt. Navigation mode changed about a year ago. Made it difficult to move around. Occasionally it freezes when multiple people are trying to collaborate

So far we are happy with all the features we are currently using.

Some documents take a little bit to generate, but that could just be due to slow internet. When I search by subitem information, it doesn't let me know what claim that subitem is from. Occasionally when I duplicate a project, it duplicates it more than once.

Incorporating data from all systems into one tool. Having a complete solution when a new product is added to the tech stack. Platform performance for large companies

Built-in functionality to backup cloud resources like 365. Automatic restore testing for audits. Backup sets directly to cloud resources like AWS S3 buckets

App users from different sources. Communication/creatives used on app. In-app events' optimization

It´s complicated include new funcionalities. Reduce the time in the incidence resolution. Improve the communication tool

Can add more features in to get more info on Accounts. Improvise the UI. Pop-ups and email reminders for the follow-up

Support for mobile devices. Better NMS monitoring. Better integration of EDR software

Performance could be better sometimes. Error logs sometimes lead to wrong directions. Combination of VEEAM Agent Free and Paid to better fit the demand.

I'm not too sure. I don't have too much trouble using Marketo or have any negative feedback for it.

Communicating across different boards. moving sub-items to not be sub-items

More approachable pricing for enabling apps. More templated reports. More free connected app options

Maybe the UI could be easier to understand with folders and categories.

if we void the payment which is applied to bulk or multiple invoices all the payments will be reversed instead of single payment , if there is a option to reverse a particular payment even though it is applied in bulk that would be helpful

Interactive Keyboard. More options. Customer Service

Limited Storage option. Estimating costs is difficult and time-consuming.

ability for manager to view employees account as employee sees it

So room for improvement would definitely be, probably, the mobile client is kind of glitchy sometimes, so definitely could be improved to make it a little more reliable.

Erase of use. UI. Connection with the rest of the Adobe quite of platforms

Sometimes docs not work properly in monday.com installed application on mac. A nice feature would be mind map. It is a little expensive for a small company.

Locating project which belonged to employees no longer working with the company. Notifications can sometimes be confusing. I would prefer Outlook calendar invites to help keep me on task instead of notifications.

Customization. Poor Hebrew support

Jahia Digital Experience Platform doesn't provide any offline features. Jahia Digital Experience Platform's group management screen could be improved. When there is too many users, the interface is sometimes slower.

Being able to sort by date for a group and not the whole board. More colors for status boxes. One box for inbox and notifications. Sometimes it's.confuaing and we miss things that only show up in updates. When you click on updates they all clear out.

Data Accuracy. Lead Quality

Guidance on implementation within strict data privacy strategies. Visual cues and distinction in the platform (also on the CMS too) - Everything is white and tends to look the same. I (personally) find it hard to retrace my steps or find an area I am looking for. Built-in demo/tutorial prompt when starting different types of experiments. For example, I was setting up a redirect experiment following documentation on Optimizely's support site and could have used an interactive, in-platform demo to go along with it.

Nothing!. Great and easy to use!. No improvements to share.

Sometimes it gets stuck on a particular employee although the page is book marked to always only show my own board. I wish it were easier to add a specific time to each task. I would like to be able to see a week view easier.

Better Expert Support

Too much manual work (add AI maybe). Direct contact possibility. More user cusomization

It should be better if there is a low code plateform where normal users can create a workflow with out developers need.

Accuracy level should be more. Support from IBM. Documentation Support

Antivirus Features can be more advanced. Antispam Filtering features have room for improvement. Cloud Capabilities.

There are some controle issues with trackpads. Overlapping of elements provoke unwanted clicks. its music could be better

user friendly. more reporting tools. accurate results

Well, I mean the Cisco Nexus products are high-end data center switches. They're not the easiest thing to configure. They have a lot of ins and outs you need to know about them. But you know, it's getting better with some of the newer products, but we're still running those out like Nexus Dashboard and ACL and things like that. But yeah, they're definitely not like, you know, not for the beginner to try and implement.

Reporting seems not very iser friendly

sometimes there are false positive and you have to check logs and rules and create exceptions

Automation. AI Features. Backlog List

Succession plan module. Talent Management - Resume. Error messages. Support team

In my experience, the Tax Department seems to be backlogged and is a little sluggish in responding. For me, trying to utilize the Benefits requires a lot of my time. I am working towards that but it is time consuming.

Mobile app. Email remarketing

Canadian Payroll. User friendliness of the mobile App. Timekeeping

I think the Mobile app can be improve for iPhone a little

In Ceipal, it's really to add some improvement. sometimes we are trying to find one candidate name but there are many candidates with the slight changes of the same name. sometimes we are finding the candidate with their email id or the contact number but there are no results for that. so Ceipal ATS have to improve some ideas for that points

streamline the hiring process

Not sure if this feature was blocked on purpose but our Zendesk emails does not have a forward function. When a participant claims they did not receive our emails, we don't have the option of forwarding that email to the participant. When a case gets closed on Zendesk I don't have the ability to reopen it. Instead I need to start a new case. Hard for me to pull the data that I need for reports. (I'm not sure If I have that access to do so or if the tier that we bought supports it)

Setting reminders. Calendar which could interact with zoom etc. Shopify intergration

Putting users into bypass mode so if they aren't setup or are using a device that may not need them to authenticate.

Attendee hub. Appointments. Engagement game

Non at this time

Having more places on it. Better suggestions by location. I live in the border with US and even though I open the app on the mexican side, it suggests US restaurants.

Exchange to wallet transfer. Alert for token price

Notifications could be streamlined

Forms would be nicer if we could be able to change the appearence (eg. change the location of the data input areas, add frames, shadows). Moving an activity to another board sometimes doesn't work, sometimes does. Would have been nice to have the add function ability in our plan

more real life examples for the year 2023

Training and examples for vairoud use cases

AI and ML in intelligent recommendations space in talent management

to have an auto fill may be good. honestly we are very satisfied with the functionality

Sometime passwordless communication getting failed from Qradar EC to Console. Event processor is require to process logs which is again license base. Save search option sometimes not working properly may be because of version bug.

User Interface, both for admins and end users. When UI improvements are made, they usually are not done thoroughly, with various screens being left behind, never to be addressed in modern changes. Clear definition of terms/tools. Many fields in SF are incredibly powerful if you use them correctly, but they have misleading titles or just no clarification. Providing definitions of terms on hover would be very helpful in many scenarios. There is a lack of consistent user experience, various icons, various parts of the system, etc.

The UI feels cluttered and overwhelming. At first glance, it is difficult to find the right commands. It is not easy to share files. The mobile experience is not very good

Direct link to bookeeping software

There should be an automatic Boolean maker so that recruiters can easily find the job title and right candidates quickly. Search engine in Ceipal should be more accurate. so that companies can get more business. Ceipal need to add some more program for freshers to learn more about how to make Booleans and find right candidates

Board connections in subitems. Connection to outside apps. Custom organization per user

Job developing ( if you have complex jobs, design the flow can be expensive). Cost. Flexibility

The next rev will eliminate the pain-points I experience on a daily basis.

automation. straight forwardness

We would like to be able to have an option where we can separate our AMER users from EMEIA and APAC users and the data that is available to them. We want to make sure that AMER data is not available to EMEIA and vice-versa. This is helpful for compliance and GDPR rules. I would like to see the Workflows feature have the approval queue available again. We don't want users to create just any kind of workflow with out some kind of oversight from an admin. Otherwise they risk brining in incomplete data and wasting credits. For the Instant Enrich feature; as an admin I would like to be able to make changes to the mappings more easily. Right now we have a dedicated API user set up for the connection. But anytime we need to make changes I have to login as that user and that can be tricky given our SSO login.

Report running is a bit involved. Not user friendly at times

On occasion, we experience some difficulties when tailoring certain platform features to meet our unique needs. Some IBM API Connect features may be difficult to comprehend and apply. The configuration of security may be complicated and call for a thorough understanding of security concepts.

Genuine Profiles

slow interface. need more integrations. need more automations

Integration with other ERPs (specifically, Sage Intacct). Advanced features such as formulas and employee module could be easier to use

Add a feature that allows text word letters to be changed individually. Upgrade/enhance AI to better interpret the written text directive. Easier template edits including pixel sizing

Requires expertise in development. Some of the visuals could be richer. Better customer support. Costing could be lower

I think the tool currently meets expectations

Ease of accessibility - team members are often unsure if they have full or partial liscenses. Continued development on training options

Sub-items get easily lost or overlooked and need individually setting up with their own parameters. When working on lots of tasks it can be hard to find items you may have been notified over 1 week ago.

Disaster Recovery

When you want to put only part of an image in a banner, it doesn't allow you to do so, and it's not easy to adjust. Have more text styles, for example, a letter like Montserrat can have extrabold, italic, etc., bold. Have more options like easily putting countdowns or widgets

Easier upload of receipts

We didn't have any problems with the platform. So no cons.

Understanding the announcement section. Organizing lists on favorites. Having somewhere where you can have it set up to pass over to card manager duties in case someone leaves and we are not managers of cards they created.

I think Time and Labor is a bit clunky. Not much customization in payroll and in general. For us, implementation was very frustrating for time and labor

IBM Security Guardium needs to provide better run books and guides for helping with the implementation. Ability to create custom reports from the admin portal will be a plus. UI is slow for the portal

Message Tracing and Debugging within the chain of message passing is very difficult. Tracking message paths is very difficult. There needs to be some way implemented which is more user friendly. Containerization of MQ service and integration with Kubernetes is something if possible will be very helpful. Documentation and Training material should be improved for easy integration

More intuitive UI. More Automatization Steps in Each Subscription. Allow larger Customization of Dashboards and Theme Creation.

Overall Design

Server drop-outs are rare, but are definitely a problem when they happen, being a completely cloud-based system. The app is handy, but definitely lacks in terms of functionality, and ability to customise. Tech support is the standard "answer these questions, even though you have already given me that detail". Good once you get past that stage though.

When adding new tasks to a board, it doesn't always populate right away in the 'My Work' section. Expand the 'Notes' feature on a task to easily see all content. Is there an offline feature? If not, this would be nice. The ability to add or update projects if offline. Then they would auto update when back online.

Price. Compatibility with a wider range of software applications. Simplified Management Interfaces. Reduced Power Consumption.

All capacity/demand calendars should match for reporting. for example, PLN01 does not display the same detail as RMA screen. Easier and less expensive ways to integrate with other platforms in our company. Work and Assignments - too many options and confusing for users.

Added features costing extra, such as automations. Notifications can fail sometimes

Better transparency for tax reporting. Expand the list of 401k providers you fully integrate with. Some employees shared that the W4 process was less straightforward than ADPs

Integration with Emailing

We found a bug in the segmentation decision logic, it was fixed very quickly though

Wrike Analyze is very powerful, could using some ease-of-use improvement. Wrike Resources: Great for task level allocation, could use a simpler/hire level Project allocation options. Ability to make more custom user interfaces that could be embedded in places like SharePoint pages.

Write performance. No native support of read replica. CPU and storage performance is not guaranteed.

I feel that the software developers did a great job with this and there are no major areas of improvement needed. More thorough training for non-IT savvy folks

The 'expand group' can sometimes be confusing. The status of a group sometimes does not progress even though tasks has been ticked off as done. You have to download an email you have dropped in a task every time you want to open it. There is no preview option.

Automatic time windows. Widget information

languages

I wish it had a global to the board background layer where you could add shapes that you never want to move.

better way to receives updates in software

Spotfire could improve in simplifying its user interface, making it more intuitive. It could also enhance guidance for new users and provide more templates for quicker analysis

Monitoring. Audit. User management

The upgrade process is a little cumbersome, but overall not bad. More live training opportunities to network with other OpManager users. More device profile integrations

Crossfunctional integration capabilities (in system and external). In-system reporting capabilities

In my opinion, UI lacks intuitive design and foundation

unlimited mass mailing. find the candidate according domain experience

Sometimes feels robust and difficult to use. Inpersonal. Sometimes lacks nonprofit organization information.

When a colleague in a workspace makes a folder, I can't see that folder until they put something in it. This can be unhandy because then you think the folder hasn't been made. it would be good to have 1 place where you can store templates, instead of having to keep them in a workspace. some kind of archive to store things in could be handy (unless this feature already exists and I'm just not seeing it, or I guess i could make my own)

Simplify Azure cloud backups. Offer cloud based Office365 backups. Streamline the admin console

I feel like the formulas are a little tricky to learn, but it's probably because I don't use them that often. We used to have the ability to search an entire board for an email or word, but it recently set up restrictions to limit the number of searchable columns. I wish it would go back to being able to search the entire board.

Broadening automation functionality. Cross 'board' linking

Timesheet management. Inline tool tips or help doumentation. Accessibility compliance

opportunity forecast. activity analysis

Filter boards by name to show tasks that have been tagged to you in multiple columns. To be able to view the archive in the way the boards are structured, not just searching the archive. Being able to view board names without having permission to access it

Reporting is hard to use. Campaign performance exporting. Customer support

In displaying the effective dates for pay rates, it would seem more beneficial to display them on Form 1 rather than selecting another area to review the effective date. COBRA - Generating COBRA should come in as a notification if we forget to do it after we submit a PAF. Extra layer of protection that COBRA does get generated. Being able to export all courses in Paycom, in order to see a full list of course. names

Pricing per words instead of uses (invocations). Mobile app (Android)

Limited joins. Aggregations. Data migration complexion. Backup and restore convenience

calendar layout is clunky. reporting can be difficult. Library storage could be more functional

Recipes could use some work - would be cool to have better recipes for sub-items (related to my next point). High to low level boards and linking (ultimately need better rollups). Linked views of databases would be amazing.. similar to the table views, but not. Faster UI for larger databases ( I know this is being overhauled - awesome!). Would be great to be able to display last comment in a table column, or being able to drop in a comment in a table column and that populate in the comments. Ability to hide table views and reorder table views - PLEASE :)

Enhanced Email Tracking and Sequencing. Integrated Sales Calling and Messaging. Advanced Reporting and Analytics

In comparison to the ASA, for instance, the VPN setup is easy, but to actually see which SAS are up, it's really hard to see that. And it's easier on the ASA, so that is something that probably can improve. So we could actually see like this kind of traffic is up and running so we know which essays are down or where we can actually troubleshoot easier

When making a full backup, do not block the database

Hubspot Connector doesn't always work. Intent search should be more seamlessly linked to advanced search so you can see contacts in real-time with what is trending for intent. not a big issue but saving over an existing search could be a easier process

Better UI. Chat box for live chat

Sometimes the control panel can be a little annoying. It typically opens on the right-hand side of the screen. You can easily minimize it but then you lose the ability to see chats, etc. Some other platforms have the control panel on the bottom of the screen. It would be nice if I could just share a portion of my screen. When I had two monitors, I could just select to show one monitor, but now that I've moved to one large screen, it would be nice if I could just share a portion of my screen.

We have not come across any feature that requires improvements, it has been amazing working with the software.

I would think it would be more useful if it was more compatible with the Avaya Aura solution as opposed to being a completely different stream. That's just my opinion on that one.

Carryover of appointment time to documentation/note

The ability to tie our backend general ledger to the payroll/scheduling process. Integrating the HireRight process more closely to reduce the need to use the external portal. The release process can be challenging to keep up with.

CertCapture could have a more user-friendly method for reports. Would be great if there was more user friendly options for validating certificates. Uploading Customers and Certificates could be more user friendly.

Complex pricing structure. Costs can spiral out of control. Can be overwhelming for a newcomer

Still learning the system there is a lot to work out

I wish miro would show the history of changes. If one user makes an update on the board, there is no visibility of what it used to be. Too many post it notes. Sometimes takes a long time to load

Better pricing for individual / couples plans, I got to use it as a student but would gladly pay to use this in my personal life if I didn't have to have a small organization to justify it. Set timers and emails for projects that are overdue, it may be a feature already but I have not seen it in the places I usually would go. Create automation templates if I am making a lot of repeat tasks so I can only fill in the variables that change

At first i felt that not having frames to organize thinking about a presentation made me feel a little bit "lost". Maybe presentation templates could help in some cases. Pricing is a little bit expensive for our currency in Brazil

Some functions require multiple steps in order to achieve the results needed

SSO service seems to be lacking something. Although we have Exclaimer added as a SSO app in Azure, we've had challenges when adding new users into the Exclaimer portal for template editing when implementing SSO from M365. Also, on the topic of adding new users, the links that are sent and the landing pages from them, along with the login errors (if any) - can be confusing. Resulting in users getting a frustrating first impression. Although our signatures look great with standard hyperlinks! A new feature might be animated gif or something a bit more dynamic w/text that wouldn't flag security filters or run endlessly. Just some next level graphic option to get noticed or be remembered in an often crowded inbox.

Enhanced report customisation options, like multi-level grouping and advanced filtering, would improve data analysis. Deeper resource allocation insights, such as workload visualisation, could optimize team planning and allocation.

The ability to set up auto-emails for onboarding use would be helpful.

New Platform UI has some poor decisions -- for example, filter options move when selected, making quick selections down a list needlessly laborious. Although there has been some improvement, corrections submitted to ZoomInfo are not resolved in a transparent manner. Generic email without details of whether accepted or not. International data remains a weak point compared to more specialized vendors. Totally missing "modern" industry classifications like FinTech, Ed-tech, SaaS etc. Credit system is arguably outdated and confusing.

I'm completely content with the way the product is.

I would like to create a custom dashboard for each employee, and have not yet been able to set it up exactly how I want, but I am still learning. I have set up an integration with gmail, but sometimes it just stops working and I have to delete it and set it up again. I have made some forms, but it is not always easy for my employees to access the form view without opening a new window

Facilitates work from home. Enhances communication. Task accommodation

Creating a single file for a backup job or server. No central scheduling in B&R. No central account management in B&R

User experience. Pricing. interoperability

Takes a bit of training to become comfortable making changes. No direct general chat box with the vendor

To provide more trainings for new users. To provide more graphic display. Able to use formatting more easily

In my experience, the customer service and support is awful. We would have to wait days for someone to get back to us on important issues IF they decided to get back to us. And if they did, we felt they were often short and condescending with us. The benefits module is not able to be edited by company admins -- which means that any issues or benefits plans that need editing have to go through the benefits support team. For us this often leads to issues later on down the road with wrong rates, miscalculated pay periods, and more. In my experience, the HR & Payroll system and the Benefits module barely talk to each other and thus the HR support team and the Benefits support team know nothing about the other systems or how they interact. This has led to wrongful terminations in the benefits system at our company. In my opinion, it's hard to customize reports -- both when creating new reports and when trying to run premade system ones. I find that the filters I can use when running reports are not as extensive as I need them to be. In onboarding, there is no way for us to reopen and edit an I-9 after it has been completed, even if you haven't sent it to E-Verify. In my experience, if you do send it to E-Verify and it comes back with Further Action Needed, you cannot edit the I-9 if there was a mistake. My experience in onboarding has been that you can't edit tax setups for new employees. We had several interns that put their home addresses in different states as their contact and those state taxes pulled through to the Tax Setup where I was unable to remove them.

look at the tracking analytics section, some of the data do not populate or do not match with other details. the error/warning messages can be more detailed

the connecting arrows and size of arrow heads are quite thin and small, and sometimes would be good to be able to make these larger or thicker. there is no line function - i have to make a thin rectangle sometimes to create lines. some boxes (especially thin rectangles as above) are hard to pick up or extend without zooming in massively

Ability to search monday docs. Ability to filter "My Work" by contacts, assignees, tags, etc

Although the back-end of the application is very strong, if it can have a visual workflow for defining tasks like scanning, verification and etc., it will be better. Reporting feature should be enhance more on web. Although the result of Arabic Text extraction is very good in ABBYY, if they can focus more on different types of Arabic Fonts, it will be better

I would like to be able to show a job as complete and save the information without having to confirm the information a second time before it's saved. I would like to type the name of a salesperson and hit enter instead of typing it and then clicking on the name to select it.

Support of SME storage solutions. Office365 backup. integrate onedrive storage

Make a "Real" effort to contact your clients before throwing them under the bus. Obviously you kept responding to my support tickets until April 2023, without saying a word that billing was not receiving my payments (unknown to me) since October 2022. Then I cancelled in April and LW refused to acknowledge and turns me over to collections even after I told them I would pay them what I owed. Intolerant.

Benefit Account Manager changes frequently. EDI File feeds are incorrect every year after Open Enrollment with Benefits. Reporting is not user friendly after it was updated

Upgrade the interface of the previews of HTML

Text Updates

Accessibility. It is near unusable for any user that employs a screen reader or other assistive technology. Wrike's inaccessible nature is the biggest reason we are considering a switch to a different project, despite being overall happy with its features. Ability to duplicate tasks and keep subtasks attached to the duplicated task

The survey automation linked to the email could use some updating. Currently not able to send email to multiple people in just one go or modify the email message to include our company signature

some problems with high screen resolutions

I would say a better user interface. Better data management. Scan operations should be more efficient

It is a little hard to navigate sometimes but that is likely just my own personal experience

Creating some more user friendly KPI dashboards. More integrations with a CRM

Building formulas can be complicated and time consuming. Licensing model can be limiting for end users if they are on Viewer only permissions

Notifications separated by importance

AI feature

Security access/permissions. Email notifications. Time off accruals/approvals

sometimes lag in performance due to heavy datasets. local language guidance. pricing as compared to competitors

Sometimes the technology part of the program is difficult, but the tech support is always helpful

Not enough parameters for searching - I wish we could restrict our search to exclude contacts that are already in our Salesforce database. Wish the data was updated more frequently. Contact information is very accurate but title and role changes aren't always captured in a timely manner. More smaller businesses if possible. Options are limited if looking for businesses with less than 50 employees.

Follow-ups- I feel there isn't always the option I want for logic

Licensing: allow the use / merging of perpetual and subscription licenses. We have permanent per socket licenses, and subscription licenses to backup desktop workstations. This currently forces us to have 2x Veeam servers.

Allow for a Backup and Replication to occur in one job. Allow for further flexibility with data retention such as allowing some servers in a job different retention than others or changing in retention over time. Example is backup daily for 7 days, then store a weekly backup for 8 weeks, monthly backup for 13 months, etc. all within the job. More communication about platform updates. Many new features come out and we are not aware until a little further down the road.

It does not efficiently prioritize the customer queries. Team engagement for prioritized calls is not fully supported. Reducing the waiting time after the menu options is communicated to the customer. Integrating with AI technology.

connection to book meetings from Outlook. more options of graphics ans reportes on dashboards. non-conections options

Ceipal could work on its UI. Ceipal can be more flexible for some portals. Ceipal should use SSO.

Not increase yearly subscriptions and fees

AI tool: their transcription AI tool has improved, but could be better. It isn't always as accurate as it could be. Comes in late: We would like Chorus to come to the conversation as we first arrive at the online meeting. Meetings will often start early as soon as a guest come son the call. However, Chorus will turn on a couple minutes after the meeting is set to begin. Their 'the meeting is being recorded' announcement then interrupts our call. We've asked about this several times, but Chorus is unable to have Chorus come on before the meeting time. Team members can easily disconnect calendars: while this feature is good in most circumstances, our team doesn't always turn it back on. Their concern is 'big brother' watching their calls. We are unable to stop them from toggling the program on and off.

provide proper details of the candidate. provide less blank resumes. provide proper resumes based on job title

Sometimes it can work very slowly, this has caused the implementation process of some applications to take longer than is really necessary.

workforce planning. daily refreshes. load times

If you have 100 ACHs, you have to approve each one by one, versus select all button to create multiple ACH file for each ACH. I don't want 100 ACHs in one nacha file, i want a quick way to create all 100 pending ACH in 100 individual nacha files. Auto payment only works for one bank account, versus each department bank account being able to be auto paid. Difficult to correct/reverse credits applied in error to transactions.

Existing AI models should be able to utilize to other use cases

Being able to create design revisions for items already pushed to production, instead of having to create a new item. Hiding abandoned, obsolete, retired items when adding items to BOMs and assemblies. Unique revision systems based on item category

Translation filters. Interface. Usability

I think that the license model is not a good one because sometimes it does not fit what the customer is asking us. So I think that should be a little flexible, the license model can be better.

Our organization attempted to implement the change management features but were unsuccessful in accomplishing this. We will attempt again in the future. Some service cases remain unassigned after a long period, which may be a configuration issue on our end.

Needs to be more efficient. The labs need to be more challenging. It needs to have a more stable connection

More information to the users of all the BlackLine capabilities

Pricing could be better. UX is a little cumbersome

Recruiting

If possible it would be nice to see an automated option to close AWS accounts created with the Account Factory

Sometimes it's a little "glitchy" but it's not consistent enough to worry about. I'd like the ability to allow non-users within our company access to boards (it currently only allows for email addresses outside our company..I don't get that). I'd like the ability to have different columns for different groups within a board

The shift from Onboarding 1.0 to 2.0, while a welcome new product, is still in need of easier migration tools so necessary data isn’t lost with the transition. Processing expat movement is challenging, in EC, Performance, Recruiting and Onboarding. It is a patchwork of workarounds.

The interface recently changed and not notifications are along the top right instead of bottom left, so I am not used to it yet.

Householding for use cases where a household definition goes beyond 'living at the same address'. Implementation of business logic within the MDM platform during data ingestion

Would love to be able to use with iPhone

Does not have a robust P2P solution that can live within the ecosystem. The contract management platform is not robust. Vendor management is lacking

I've heard a lot, so since I'm fairly new to the company, the organization, nothing but good recommendations. So I'm looking for this partnership with my organization in Verint to increase and grow over time.

Loading time for documents can be very very long. UML graph. A way to organize big messy board

GUI. Interaction

some more flexibility should be there like , it should provide functionality to get tcpdump if user is facing network disconnect between infra servers to devices

Email updates on where I stand commission-wise

Lots of information and resources - hard to find succinct answers to questions. some technical issues don't seem to be getting solved and require too much input from the user to have them looked into

Could be more visual and interactive with its commands. FX and special effects are not easy to find and use at first sight. Could have an option for increasing type in the menu.

Enhanced AI Integration: Integrate advanced AI for proactive anomaly detection and automated remediation to further optimize data protection and recovery processes. Expanded Cloud Integration: Strengthen cloud support for more providers, facilitating seamless hybrid cloud deployments and increasing scalability options. Unified Dashboard: Develop a consolidated dashboard for easier management of Veeam products, simplifying the user experience and streamlining operations.

Easy integration with email ticketing inboxes. More visual layouts for information. Reminders

Customer Service. Fraudulent Charges. Listening to their clients

They can improve their layer system. It crashes a lot. They can add AI as every software now have it.

We were using Red Hat Virtualization and the support for that platform was mediocre. The plugin broke at some point and I was never able to fix it. We have since moved away from RHV

It is a pleasure working with our Tellenium MoT account team. They are extremely responsive and helpful. I find no deficiencies in their functionality.

Needs more spreadsheet functionality. While there are 'formula' columns, they need to have the ability to write formulas in a cell / override, do more data analysis via monday. Would be nice to have the ability for a client to fill out a form & it populate the same row that the form was created from

High initial set-up cost and licensing fees for all employees at one go. Once a courses been enrolled by employee, there's no function to remove those courses by themselves. Mobile version not working very well and some contents not able to load, e.g. Leaderboard, Level.

Cost Reallocation - Not offered for Multi-Tenant, Cost Sharing is a Beta feature that is very limited in function & not able to reallocate rules. Resource Inventory - big gap vs. what CloudHealth offers, beta feature is good but it can't save/subscribe to reports. Anomaly detection - feature highlights trivial cost rises & consistently misses the real anomalies

Customer support

Acquiring license keys through distribution is a pain.

In my opinion, a more modern easy and intuitive interface for process modeling. In my opinion, a more modern easy and intuitive interface for process mining. In my opinion, out of the box connectors and analyses that are equal to or greater than what Celonis has to offer for SAP

More explanation for how to set up projects and organize. UX/UI. i don't know a third

Sometimes call drop. Need more customization in call queuing. Costly compared to Avaya

As the Super Admin all the missed calls to our main number show on my desktop call history. During our Migration to RingCentral I felt our Project Manager was handling too many cases at once. We were meant to have weekly meetings and didn't. I feel it affected his response time also. The Support Chat feature has been overloaded, it was actually quicker for me to call support and connect with an agent. Getting a detailed description of our features has been difficult.

The main benefits of Serverless360 is it eases troubleshooting of Azure Pass applications with a log database,. With Serverless360's service Map functionality our major burden of holistic view was cured. we could understand the health of all the resources in one dashboard.

Library of icons. Copy as image should be CTRL + C

Multiple Write Replicas. Latency. Cross-region failover

Automatically removing numbers and notifying a sub-group of all customers that unsubscribe. Better app integration

I really don't have any problems with monday.com

Fiori platform flexibility is not there, need high technical expertise and cost in building SAP Fiori apps, OfCourse standard Apps can be used with ease like plug and play. It is hard to build custom solutions of SAP MDG , but easy to use as standard product.

It crashes at times. The interface could be updated. Reception is not always the best

namespace container registry compatibilites. IKS version upgrade with terraform with zero down time - no documentation. Interactive IKS documentation help while deploying using UI - steps

More different integration blueprints available. It has some UI bugs. Some reported issues take time to be resolved

Account manager turnover creates trouble establishing strong and supportive relationships. The account managers are not technical support either. Technologically not intuitive. It takes months of time and practice to effectively administer content. No way to present material classroom style for larger training sessions.

Security. Audio quality. Consumption of internet bandwidth

Ability to create KPIs from metrics, traces & logs. Refined capability to detect anomalies via signals. Cross-view-built dashboards to lower the number of clicks to move from Websites to Infrastructure.

Cards downloaded as a PDF are Guru branded. No ability to company cards when downloaded as PDF's. Copy/Paste of web browser card information has occasionally caused issues with graphics in the past using Google Chrome, MS Edge, Vivaldi, and Firefox

Let me know when issues are detected so I can verify the issues.

MSO (multi-site orchrestrator) tool

Sync with different portals. Exchange rate accuracy. Pop up or notification if any detail is missing. Generating customized previous years reports should be easier. Buffering time could be reduced

Notes Section. Email Marketing Campaign Layout SImplified. Work profiles on contacts

A few more reports regarding Employees. Better employee management

easier way to upload documents by drag and drop over manually adding by file manager

Being able to export all courses in Paycom, in order to see a full list of course. names. For address change notifications, it is unclear what action we do - it only gives me the option to delete the notification, not look over it for tax purposes, etc. Should be an option to 'ignore' or 'go to profile to changes taxes' if needed. COBRA - Generating COBRA should come in as a notification if we forget to do it after we submit a PAF. Extra layer of protection that COBRA does get generated.

Faster Updating

UI/UX simplicity. More accessible reporting. Additional AWS integrations

The Studio scripting can be challenging to navigate. We do run into issues trying to show we have an issue when they can't replicate it

Customer Service. Payroll approval. Reporting

Its not compatible with all the Tax softwares. Not all the products are used. High Pricing is a challenge. Service is good but can be improved

Creating more interactive displays. Using AI tools to find information (specifications, data). Set goals for completion for each person's assignments

AI/ML Capabilities. Introducing Gen AI for DQ

I think for now it works great I think it can scale further than it already has with the outstanding company IBM is and how much it means to the world as other things with time it should grow!

Navigation. User Adoption of New Functionality

ERP integration. Formatting changes when modifying a report. Needs more user friendly interface for navigation to/from pages.

Phone model selections could be greater. Conference call line capabilities. Remote IT services

The link to this review was blocked by our organization making it difficult to get here.

Local news in Asian markets with a translation feature. More integration with sell side models.

Different versions should be able to connect

Navigation and UI can be a little clunky to use. Better training on usage

Clarity on advanced automations. Clarity on how to integrate email and external databasees. Recommendations of best practices based on what other companies are doing

Ability to integrate budget tracking and billable time for projects

Create a form to update an asset directly, without opening the whole database of it. Protect the user from deleting a field which is in use in an asset template. When an installation is in the Dutch language it is hard to use an English manual because of names difference

Within a Board, it would be nice to be able to make a Group with columns that differ from another Group for even more customization. Upon viewing a file that was included in someone's post/comment, eliminating the side and bottom scroll bars and making it easier to zoom and pan around the document

So for us we have to make changes and have our developers tweak things. So our instance of Adobe Experience Manager is not out of the box, so it ends up that we have multiple versions out there, and so it doesn't streamline as effectively for us. If I was giving advice to somebody, I'd say stick to the pure vanilla AEM as much as possible, and don't let yourself get pulled into these extraneous requests to do something different, because then that ends up breaking. What is the benefit of using Adobe products is that they all fit together seamlessly and then change in one place can happen across the board. So it was partially our implementation and not having a strong enough "no" to stakeholders who wanted to individualize or make changes.

Better Performance of the Console. Better CPU Loads. Reduce Memory Usage

While they resolved our issue, an initial clearer guideline or automated system for email integration would be beneficial. We'd appreciate more advanced functionalities in their digital marketing tools to stay ahead in the competitive landscape.

So far I don't have any pain points actually. As of now, we are only using the main site. We are planning to bring other sub domains into AEM. So as of now, there is no pain points as such.

Very user friendly. No need for any change.

I know NinjaOne can do much more but some of the scripting and implementing is intimidating and confusing. I believe it was written much more with a MSP in mind. The scripting environment is not easy to understand. I haven't had time to learn it.

the current plague of outages

Uninstall is not easy. Install on Mac could be easier. Support is not the best

Multi-company solution since currently there is no way to use the same seat across multiple organizations. The Android app is far superior to iOS, especially because 2FA codes appear directly as a "word suggestion" without the need to change apps

Management of different levels of product

need to add value stream mapping

I do feel that their support definitely needs a room for improvement. There is not a lot and I say that as in from the technology support side of it is the support definitely needs to be a lot better and that's because if we're running into troubles or issues, there's not a lot of help outside of when we go to Avaya to help fix it. We get a little down a bumpy road trying to get that fixed. The last time I was here, I worked up there.

Rate History Reports. Insurance Benefits Integrations. Overtime Rates for Restaurant Industry

The ability to set up more automations with Outlook that involve branding on emails would be great, rather than just simple plain-text emails from the main integration centre. Ability to allow more functionality for when uploading excel documents, such as bringing in formulas already set on spreadsheets. More training to be available on how to use the sales dashboards and building these to suit custom purposes.

customer service. follow up. online portal

Enlargement on the head section. Better Mic Quality. Sleek Design

Open more features to paid users (not just Pro members). Make it easier to see what boards someone can view

Cost

Runs slowly on my tablet (but my tablet is a bit slow anyway). More colours for postit notes, so they can match other items. Would be good if it was easier to switch between boards without going back to the main page.

Boards to be saved in different Project Headings

Pricing - too expensive

Link between buying and SLP info should be improved

URL redirection is missing

There are some automation ideas I've had that the software doesn't support yet. Some features that would be very helpful for my small business are out of my budget and are not available a la carte.

Forms that assign specific people work. automations

Basic reports downloadable in Intacct can be improved more by adding more detailed information in the reports. More customizable features

Flexibility. Configureability

In my opinion, their support is terrible. I think their systems are broken in multiple places ( especially around support )

Not so cluttered. Maybe add AI. More user based

Data retrieval using API. Out of the box RDBMS connectors

formulas require some concentration, and may have inherent limits

The interface is kind of confusing for newer members. Sending mails to multiple people at once, in one email. Gantt functionalities being PRO

Invoice Reversals after an invoice has been paid. Roles and Group Set-up

I get too many emails about their product.

Automations could be more flexible (e.g. the library of triggers). MS Teams integration could be more powerful

More personalize Reports and type of graphics. More organization of the updates (Inbox). More options on Columns

Customer Service. Customer Sentiment Analysis. Keywords

Glitching. Slow when Facebook is open

Getting updates. Installing updates. Annoying ASDM and ASA image have to be updated separately

Licensing model could be easier to understand. Cost

hour tracking needs more options. email notifications are easier to set up. less notifications in monday.com

Prices do go up yearly

It can be difficult to locate specific cards at times. I'm not sure if it's because of the tags used for search. Guru appeared to be a good fit for our primary purpose of keeping procedures up to date. However, expanding that to organization users ended up being more difficult. Text editing is somewhat limited and subtle. You'll have to experiment with formatting, to see if you can make your card seem the way you want it to.

Talent Acquisition. Compensation module approvals

I think Chorus is improving all of the time, and I dont have anything to note here

In my scope I didn't find any room for improvement

Searches and Lists could be a little more export friendly. Sometimes LinkedIn and Company website show different info. An easier way to edit lists and save them or update them.

More clear prompts. Easier ways to edit a contact info page. Ways to show most recent contacts added

I think some of the key things that can be done better is today we have more point solutions for different things like personalization. We have Adobe Target and for email marketing, we have Adobe Campaign Marketer and all that kind of stuff. But truly I have worked both as an implementation partner for Adobe as well as now I'm a client of Adobe. Being in both those shoes, I can say that we can do a lot better in terms of beefing up the capabilities of AEM, bringing personalization and search and content search experience closer together. It would definitely put Adobe Experience Manager in a different league if we can bring all those personalization capabilities together. I think initially the content management systems, the market was mostly meant to serve static sites. It never matured into that full-scale content personalization being married together. I think that's one area where if those integrations rather than being point solutions, if those capabilities can be made more native to AEM, I think it would definitely be a big sell for a lot of customers.

Bucketing mismatches.

Recovery is slow if workload is too high after failure. Dashboard is little bit confusing for new user. DB Replication is sometimes problematic

Timely customer support responses. Streamlined integration processes. Structured access and registration process

version history content specific. proving integration for tag management. detail documentation of features and utilities of the tool

The user interface works fine but is not particularly intuitive. Documentation is not always clear and simple.

Better management of adhoc VeeamZip backups would be helpful but its already pretty good. Application Interface could use a more modern facelift

First setup takes time. Lots of features that can be explored

Loads of functionalities and options can be visually confusing. after the re-brand it was hard to navigate a bit ( getting more used to it everyday)

Interview central- can only have access if you’re on the interview - would like to extend access to others. Offer letters - hiring managers can only preview the detail template, they don’t see the actual offer letter before it’s sent to candidate. Once an offer letter is sent, you can’t ever go back to an editable version of it if you needed to make a minor change and resend

I think the policy configuration that had some improvements on the ASM word things, improvements may be on the signatures that would be good because it's a little bit confusing on the ASL, how they are updated and deployed, and this staging. So that's something that could be.

Teradata Studio integrated with VisualStudioCode. Teradata Studio integrated with Github Copilot. Teradata Studio integrated with basic graphics to explore data instantly. Support other languages like: python or R in Teradata Studio

Still figuring out debugging. Integration with other TIBCO tools can be a tedious task

Spelling and grammar check integrated into the system. More clear and robust reporting mechanisms for things like data sync and automated jobs. Better monitoring and alert functions of potential issues out of the box

Speed of operations and resolutions. more flexibility. Local language availability

Reporting. User interface

For project management I think it possibly has a way to go to catch up with streamtime.

Performance and Scalability. User Interface Complexity

Discoverability of Trace Id and actual api call's logs can be improved. Feature to create custom metrics should be added. Like in some cases I need uptime percentage. For that currently I need to combine basic metrics and then calculate uptime percentage. There are other use cases as well.

Streaming quality of remote desktop. More options for unattended access. Client should be set up to access Windows login screen by default

If an employee moves on from HR to another dept they still see recruitment

Canceling backup jobs that are currently running can be a pain. Veeam customer support can be arrogant and assuming, even when proven incorrect on details during a service ticket.

Moving files is frustrating. I'd like to option to remember the last folder accessed. The dashboard could use some more customization options. My only options are: Recent files, Shortcuts, Tutorials, and Favorites. Why can't I have two favorite lists? or perhaps a separate list of recently uploaded files. When I view the activity log, it would be great if I could click on the item name and be taken to the location. I'd also like to modify the size of the columns.

Updates often bring bugs

With some of the DB engines, it can be confusing to know which configuration files/parameter groups you're using. It can be expensive to have a full disaster recovery setup in multi-regions. Usually, it ends up that you have to have a 'warm' or even a 'cold' DR. Most 'downfalls' are related to the DB engine and not necessarily RDS (i.e., upgrading multiple versions at a time).

Support. end user training. working with customers to know how to better utilize their software

increased automation. API integration with other companies

Ease of use for formatting. Ease of putting together detailed newsletters. Easier photo uploading.

Waiting line is less on livechat. Efax more easier to use

Initial instrumentation can take some time, however i feel this is far better than building custom login or tracking solutions.

The support ticket system being in another country does create difficulty in language barriers at times. Tracking for tickets does not exist once the ticket is closed, so unable to see historical tickets. Price is a high for smaller users.

The mobile app is difficult to use

General documentation for implementation and configuration

I would like it to integrate with Zoom Meetings, since it is the most popular web conferencing tool among our clients

There is no option to archive sub boards within a monday.com board. The options can be overwhelming when starting to use monday.com. Using monday.com for a longer time can bulk up old projects

Installing on Windows has some quirks especially with clustering. When disk is full, it stops transactions which can be problematic to recover from. .net SDK doesn't always recover nicely from network drops

String manipulation

The self service suite could use a redesign and make it more comfort for everyone, including those who lack IT skills. The price is bit high when compared it it's competents, and it makes a difference for customers to choose others. The customer support could be improved and MTTR needs to be reduced for enterprise users.

Tracking changes option. Additional space for notes on each task

Only single use at the moment, so only able to setup one backup device

I would like a detailed notes areas. Where I can take meeting notes or put notes in under s client. An easier structure for adding new employees. More cost effective way.

Sla. Monitoring. Dashboards

Integration with third parties. Composite role risk assessment. Better interface for fire fighter access provisioning

Would be nice to have the dates on starts/completion listed right on the labels

Loading - it takes forever just to open one board. Supporting multiple open boards - my computer crashes if I try to open 3 or more Miro boards. Searching - on well used boards, it can be hard to find what you're looking for

Standard integration with Outlook has limited functionality from the Outlook side

Teacher view. More options on the fact practice. For example, the opportunity to choose which math facts to focus on (1s, 6s, 8s, etc.). More than two opportunities to complete fact practice

Search Feature. Automation

get the full function from the explorer in html5

more formula potential. ability to send CAD files in the system without zipping

Integrations. Automations. Templates

Sometimes you can get lost in the large volume of data.

Show the restore details in task finished and not in history

at least a month access to premium features

Integration with O365 is lacking from going to SharePoint to O365. Workflows have to be rewritten

The scroll bars!! They are so tiny, it's next to impossible to use them to scroll up or down a page. Maybe brighter colors on the page. I know that's a personal preference, but I think it would make it so much nicer. The All Tasks option, to me, is not necessary; I never use it.

It is confusing at times to determine when you can get assistance or have to use paid consulting. The task management portion of PPM Pro can be cumbersome for the PMs I work with.

Creating contacts that automatically connect to the account I am currently looking at would be a nice upgrade.

Online Fax.

Emails bounce very often with their data. Does not connect with hubspot instantly. The analytics are not that great.

Integration with Marketing Cloud

Administration simplification. Ease of management. Less pop-ups, more checkboxes

Interface navigations. Granular controls into complex enivronments. PAB compatibility across mail clients

nothing we've discovered so far. Of course I'm always comparing to our previous solution which was difficult.

API. Scripting. Improve on latency

Their UI is notable for simplicity but has room for improvement indeed, both in UX and especially for cohesiveness across feature sets. It would be nice to have better linkage between some of the more complex things in the UI and the documentation. Documentation can always be improved

Make it easier to start a chat with 2 people that’s not ongoing and doesn’t need a room

Maybe recruiting module has many parts not integrated between them. I would like to delete some processes or objects now I can't. Maybe more look and feel possibilities

There should be an easier way to find specific Epics instead of setting up a Portfolio or using the Search button. You should be able to search within the Work module. There has been a delay in producing a new feature that will allow users to set the standard nomination utilization at 1%. Right now, it is 100% (or whatever is left) and it causes us all kinds of issues because people forget to change it. The system requires too many clicks to get to a specific answer. For example, if a Resource can't nominate to an Epic, there are around 10-15 clicks to open the Epic, find the line that they are trying to nominate to and checking to see if there is open demand.

If you have multiple offices that all need to be billed separately, it would be nice to have a portal where you can see all the bills with one login. It would be nice if the nextiva fax portal you could drag an attachment from an email to fax without saving it to your computer first.

More price options. More done for you templates. More onboarding tutorials.

Add a lower tier price than what's available

zookeeper logs could be better. monitoring

Set up process could have been easier. More dashboard analytics on data. Access control. Interface

Reporting. Speed of customer service. Training for nondev mindsets

Better standard reporting

If there is currency wise division , it would be great

View on assets under mgmt. Low-cost integrations with platforms/apps not already present. Customize what default view is

Sometimes the performance is a bit slow. When there is a temporary network disconnect you are unable to continue on the page (incident) where you left of, you have to reload the page

It is pretty solid - nothing comes to mind.

O data feature can be improved. Ui can be improved

support turn around could be quicker

in some portal, candidate did not mention the expected pay. sometimes Ceipal facing issues, but most of the times it helps me a lot. sometimes messages are undelivered due to mismatch in email ids

Whitelisting email or IP are not straight forward. Although the GUI is great but it's too complex. If filters can be easier to implements

The reports and templates can take up to 1-2 minutes to open, which can be frustrating when you want to pull a number or send a report quickly. The GL data load also takes 20-25 minutes to refresh. So if we post entries to our GL and want to capture them in our Vena reports, we have to manually kick off a refresh and wait 25 minutes to run the new reports. Steep learning curve for the Modeler role.

Reporting is very clunky and anything but intuitive. Compared to Vision, Vantagepoint layouts are very cookie-cutter. The latest release allows you to create up to 5 columns, still, it is so much less customizable than Vision in look and feel. Customer service is poor. If you have a question or issue you can expect it to be addressed in 2-4 weeks, minimum. Software testing has been poor in the past. Too many bugs have made it through to release on things that should have easily been caught, such as certain workflows not working, etc.

I think a feature that Seamless.ai has .that is about being able to modify email ids & get a score of accuracy. 3 options of email ids if the accuracy score is less . (Like Seamless.ai). A directly option to see if the contact is already added in hubspot through the extension

Improve coverage in North America and the Middle East. Arab and Mandarin languages in admin central. Less reliance on JCR for back end storage interface

it would be great if one could connected with the outlook- send the actions set on monday.com to one's diary. it would be great to connect it with one note. it would be amazing to connect it across the internal and external teams to oversee one's availability

Closing gaps in new modules. Force Upgrades

Lots of tools but not very intuitive to set up. Couldn't figure out immutable backups. Updating to newer version is kind of a chore

The automation recipes don't seem to provide for repetition of a task with a checklist in the update. The automation recipes don't allow you to attached a due date automatically. e.g. would like to allocate the due date to be 7 days after the task is created. There seems to be a lot of duplication with notifications and inbox update feed.

File size needs to be less than 10 MB, so larger files cannot be sent. Its expensive compared to the competitors. Sometimes UX is really confusing from the admin side of settings.

Security features. Take captures similarly to an ASA, it may get a little complicated to get the info needed. A packet tracer feature that simulates how traffic will route across the router,. Better logging when traffic is getting dropped.

Price. Legacy versions. Compatibility with third party products for replication or backups.

Mobile app push notifications. Rich text syntax guide - I've had to google search and pick apart previously written syntax to understand and learn how to use quickly. A way to track all notifications sent from behind the scenes (without being on the receiving end or manually creating a separate notification)

They struggle with data cleaning. Their pricing is a bit expensive. some of their best features are for their higher tiers

Contact updates should be more frequent. Descriptions are way too long. Workflows only work for new people added to a saved view. Exporting people is easy to duplicate people based on spelling.

Improve supply chain availability. Diversity of hardware providers. a smaller entry level solution for branches or small offices

Table defragmentation happens, and the process degrades. There should be a mechanism for defragmenting.

classifiction products. check out sock potential

export of file. duplicate board. moving of board

RTF base64 transformation. FHIR. The mandate features are not available in the older versions of the product and it is difficult to upgrade the product every version release for all hence latest features can't be available for all within our organization.

While the platform is somewhat visual, I think incorporating more imagery, such as preview images of projects, could help break up the text and make it more user-friendly. I feel like some more training on my part could be beneficial, but the process of connecting boards can be somewhat cumbersome.

Scalability. Pricing

Finding the correct app for the use case can be tedious. natural language searches can be very helpful as well as results. integration of suggestions \ autocomplete

Zoom. initial demo. frames and slide movement

To be able to transport changes from test environment to PRD. A more detailed info on each fields and where to go for configurations (like SAP ECC SPRO). To be able to copy employees from PRD to test environment

Time Tracking within the monday.com platform (no need for external integrations). Better billing and invoicing resources / functionality within the platform to remove the need for external providers

Randomly won't move candidates and will just say "unable to move at this time". Dislike that to change the steps in the process of recruitment it would have to undo everything already in place (it was set up before I got to the agency and to redo it seemed like a hassle)

Bank Reconciliations. Trial Balance. Accounts Payable

Adding an external client review functionality such as providing a link to external parties who aren’t added as a hoot suite member

provide a chat option for help. Create a rolling date option that is just a board view. The board view only goes up to 2 months

Asset Tracking. Delivery Pipeline Management. Reporting

Reporting, historical. Too many steps with onboarding. Fixes when errors occur take forever to be resolved

Integrating HID DigitalPersona with existing systems and applications can be complex. Expanding support for mobile biometrics, such as fingerprint recognition on smartphones and tablets, could extend the platform's convenience for users. Modifying pricing structures and options to make the solution more cost-effective for organizations of all sizes and budgets.

Performance is sometimes slow. Stability issues, sometimes have to restart. Some features are not easy to find

Reimbursements are shown as negative deductions without quantities. Once you are used to it, it's okay but could be better. Some of the changes in history are not tracked. It could be our settings but we have not pursued the issue.

Direct Chat room within the APP. Ability create subtasks under main task. Customize reports section

On-boarding can be a little laborious for members of your team who are less tech-savvy. It can be a little hard to find features through the various menus. The chat function looks helpful, but it is not clear if it is powerful enough to replace some of our other methods of communication.

No root access to mange the instance. Patching requires down time

Our biggest concern was seamless integration, and Experro has been remarkable in that area.

configuration flexibility. more admin features. intgration with other tools. dashboarding and reporting options

Continue to expand the usability of subitems. Ability to order board views for all. Reduce dead space on the screen so I can see more at once.

Better Interface. Limited Training. Costly

Should be able to integrate with Veeam backup (instead of being 2 separate consoles). Confirmations that all data is backed-up.

Smoother integration with Enterprise One

I feel like some users that I support in development try to use the platform for things that it is not intended for. This isn't necessarily something monday.com could improve, but it might help to post some guidelines or limitations of the product.

multi store employee file consolidation

Customizable dashboards, with more options to show data

There is a mass delete option and there is no auto save built in the app. User Interface needs to more simplified. Still a lot of manual configuration. Some minor bugs when writing test scripts can affect functionality

I wish they had a better viewing of subtasks and linking those to dependencies for automation.

live view to see if others are actively working in your board

The learning curve is a bit high. If you have experience with other Adobe products (Photoshop/Illustrator), it is a lot easier to pick up. Like all video editors, it's a bit of a resource hog. Make sure you have as much RAM as possible, and at least 500GB of an available scratch disk.

Searching for past tasks is difficult. Setting due dates is a bit confusing. Email preferences

Navigating to the Company section and applying security or updating preferences is hidden and requires several clicks. New User guidance from within the tool. Like providing best practices for sharing a board, organizing boards, and calling out the most popular features. The tool can be very overwhelming to start with. Navigating the board takes time to become accustomed to. I find myself still struggling with the difference between zooming in vs trying to move around the board.

Lack of integrations. It can be hard to find some features

The interface of the application needs to be improved. The most information is hard to find. It would be great if they had a directory that you could consult for the meeting dial-in numbers. More control options can be added for the organizer to control, and accept those controls when inviting the attendees in advance

Heat mapping feature, loading times for previews

Time tracking which really leads into capacity planning - we haven't been able to get the widget to work. Ability to do more with all column types (i.e. notifications and automations based on formula and mirrored columns). Reporting has always been a struggle for us. We had to completely redo our workflow based on our reporting needs that we found out after the fact. Focusing on reporting more up front during implementation would have been helpful. More flexibility within forms - easier ability to update (i.e. archive someone's name if they no longer should be in the dropdown choice). Easier admin management - a place to see who has access to what in a better format

Setting up new states for taxes. being able to view as an employee. Notifications - some are good, others are nonexistent

File size I've had a few files that could not be attached.

Voucher handling (for voucher cases which can appear several times in customer life, workaround is possible but laborious). Automatic push retargeting can be improved. Automated AB-Testing reminder setup

Connections between tasks (for example dependencies) are not always easy or clear. Filtering by subitems in the timeline views

Performance - depending on number of participants or de templates, acces and usage become slow. sensible date should be hosted in Canada; we cannot use Miro when we have "sensible" data to share (privacy, reglementation issue). Some basic fonctionnalities should be available in free version (ex : chronometer)

notifications can be overwhelming. more mobile friendly boards. better nonprofit support

Undo button. better searcing algorythm - sometimes I can just search for aircraft names but the document names belonging to them do not give any result

Consolidate items to make changes to Gl, Jobs, Reviews. Simplify the Reporting feature. Make set up of new items more user friendly and less techy

Being able to easily revert to a previous view/state. Perhaps some built in templates/sales reports

Easier way to open and find files in files column

Increase out-of-the-box support for technologies not currently covered. Improve reporting ease of use/customisation

Reporting - The out of the box reporting is a little cumbersome when trying to view more than one course at a time. Completed courses disappear from catalog - I know there is a setting, but it's also connected to the My Courses display so its either all or nothing. Would love to see that option split up. Training History does not show inactive courses - To keep an accurate training history, courses cannot be deactivated or else the records disappear to the user.

be able to see more info in their website. a dashboard for disputed transactions

Reporting. Ease of Kiosk app for time clock

ability to move completed subtasks to another group, but not the main task. I need this for when I add subtasks to a meeting task. More information about training myself on all the capabilities of Monday.com (like Salesforce trailhead)

Speaker Timing Schedules need to better regulated. My session started when it was suppose to end for the next speaker. That disrupts the event schedule for attendees that were looking to attend my discussion.

I think it would be nice to see how you are performing compared to the rest of your team or region. It would also be nice if you could change the commission periods to be quarterly instead of monthly. It would also be nice to be able to see how you compared to the same time the previous year.

Help Desk - poor. Customization - much too complex. Breaking functions with updates

Phone wait times. need for direct line to representative

Technical Skills Matching. Integration with Coding Platforms:. Enhanced Reporting for IT Metrics. Feedback Mechanism.

Training of your platform in Spanish. Integrations with other platforms. Clearer and easier tutorials for new users.

The look and feel could have a more modern look

integration with Google Workspace

Documentation to users. Enabling the process to easy SSO (Single Signon).

Right now in the ASR nine twenties, we're having an issue with its shooting out power adapter errors when there really isn't any. And we're not really sure we're working with Cisco Tex to see if it's a bug and if there's a bug fix.

When we first onboarded we weren't getting responses to our emails which was concerning after we had just signed the contract. Turns out all of our emails were getting blocked/held so that was frustrating. Since then we have had a great experience. To process payroll, you have to create the record in their time keeping portal and then upload it to the payroll system. It would be great to be able to skip that step with the different systems syncing together. We've abandoned the employee review platform as it's never been a smooth experience. We've had issues with: scheduled reviews for a group that launches early or late, not being able to end the group reviews because 1 person has left the company, the platform not being intuition enough to find what we're looking for.

Automatic update back and forth between Organizational and Employee data. Enhance business rules that can go across Org and Employee objects. Better Integration center with automatic authorization built in

Working alongside other apps sometimes had blips

Use of generative AI

Sometimes the text tool is frustrating, where the font will not get large enough. Changing the width of a text box is also frustrating as it will change the font size. Sharing boards when a member of multiple "projects" in Miro is confusing. I wish the left panel listing the projects and teams was more customizable. and put teams I am a member of at the top of the list!

When I open two fairly large cards at once, sometimes it collapses. Perhaps some AI features could be useful, such as predicting sentences when they have already been used in this file

Making decisions on whether to choose on-demand pricing or not. Overriding administrative tasks manually. There is always room for discounts if scalability is high.

Since we currently are a non-SAP shop using Process insights and enabling data mining will be a challenge. We have to evaluate whether it will work successfully in our organization or it would be a heavy lift.

Security with boards.

I personally have found that it is less user friendly as compared to other platforms like zoom and Microsoft team, so there should be improvement in it UI. Sometime it is quite challenging to finds compatibility and integrations with other programs. Improving integration options and ensuring seamless compatibility with a range of devices would be beneficial for future goals. There should be improvement in the customer support response time, as I have experienced that they take much longer time and without any satisfactory resolutions.

Cost model may not be easy to control and may lead to higher costs if not carefully planned. Indexing may be a cost culprit when not planned, because it's not included on the data costs. The Query Language may not fulfill everybody's expectations, as it has less features than those of competitors.

I currently do not run into any road blocks or functionality issues

Integrating AI or other smart tools to recognize and identify what's in documents or images to better enhance search. Simplify or better visualize the sorting and multiple sub-folders of storage

More license options so folks that are regular users can participate in sessions once in a while with edit rights. Better sorting and filing of boards. It can often be hard to find a board if you don’t know the name of it or for which “team” it was created. Allow adding videos that are not hosted online

An initial level user documentation should be provided to make new users feel at ease. The performance of the board can be a bit slow when more elements are there on it simultaneously. Product data security is a concern and needs better safety precautions

Ability to print easily from boards (perhaps PDFs) rather than exporting to Excel. Desktop app can be glitchy and unresponsive. Ability to access and manage billing from the desktop app rather than just in the browser

Drag-and-Drop between columns (statuses) doesn't always work. Maybe more options for customizing the appearance of the app as a whole, or at least customizing client spaces

Management on the Meraki MS series is difficult and you have a lot more granular control on like a Cisco catalyst.

The interface takes a bit of playing around to get comfortable

Better UX. Cost Efficacy. Compatibility with New Players in the Market.

Repository management, allow administrators to rank the repository order to use. Repository management, based on prior backup jobs or a scan, reserves space on a repository. That way the space is low and another job starts, it will not cause the other job to run out of space. Licensing, seems like some of our VM are counted twice.

I'm overall satisfied with the product, can't think of any improvements.

In my experience, the timesheet portion can be glitchy. missing payroll approval in the HR and Payroll portion. Missing being able to go on behalf of an employee to walk them through something. Missing having a test account since admin view, in my opinion, is different, it would be nice to have a test account to help staff on different issues

The functional scope of automations decreases greatly at the sub-element level. In some places, beautiful design takes precedence over usability. The performance of internal evaluation tools such as diagrams and overviews can be improved.

It was all good, can't find missing functionality right now

The field completion feature can be very annoying

Inbox isn't really used.

Lack of analytics and insights into the performance of the campaigns.

Improvements in pricing would be good. Cross functional support for multiple erp systems within same cloud or other product clouds can be improved. Increase in server utilization or efficiency

Ability to adjust to customer specific needs. Revisit implementation of a program maybe 6 months after using. Provide live classroom training at a Paylocity "branch" if applicable

Better third-party vendor support for NAS hardware. Better integration with Microsoft 365 for adding and removing users. SMS features

Visier People should provide more reasonable pricing options for small businesses. The current user interface is a little rough and can be challenging to use. The performance management process might be streamlined by Visier People, which would also make it simpler for users to oversee employee performance.

The APIs could be a little easier to exploit. The interface could use a little work. As they move to the Cloud, some support options are a little lacking

Would love to be able to enter a large Purchase Request with multiple vendors. Increased user access control/limits among certain dimensions (restrict project/location/department within one entity to specific users). Attachments within one entity still need to be confidential to a project/department. At present, any attachments are visible to all users in the entity.

The benefit of having Veeam Data Platform product is it works well and save us lots of storage space with the advanced algorithm and deduplication process and the compression ratio is economical. The software product has a friendly GUI. With proper training and navigating through the product section a few times, you'll become a pro at no time. Our Director loves hearing that we have a secure backup which reduces our risk from being compromised with the comprehensive product feature and data security that this product protect.

The connect with Jira, there are some of those "cards" that you can create in Miro that'd I'd like to associate with a Jira card, but not create a Jira card from it

There are no native mobile applications for iOS or Android, and it's solely offered via the cloud.

Could be made more intuitive with signing in process as it keeps logging me out despite the SSO enabled in our organization. It keeps asking to leave feedback every now and then on the app, which I find a bit irritating, maybe they can reduce the time for that. Text messaging

UI does not support creating different profile views for an entity based upon customer types as example however we can achieve this by using sub entities ( sub classes). This feature is useful if we are creating profiles in reltio manually. Manual export every time we need to pick entities, fields etc does not allow to save templates. workaround is using postman creating predefined API with selected fields, filters and trigger export. UI does not support data masking which needed while we maintain PII information. Potential Matches doesnt auto sort on confidence code so users need to manually select deselect relevant entities which is time consuming and painful process however this issue is when we have more than 4 entities as potential matches. It would be beneficial if UI displays data related errors (if any) between Reltio and SFDC.

I think it can improve on it's export feature most of the time it gets all wacky when exporting to an excel sheet

Better polling functionalities. Advanced image / vector editing

The plans or bundles must be varied and cheaper. Raise the free account size to at least 5GB. The other cloud drives have more integrations

Change IU language. Sometimes excessive block (restrictive). Sometimes it takes too much time to remove an email from inbox

When I first started working on Adobe Analytics, I tried to use the trainings. There's a lot of information when you're new to Adobe. Some of those things are more about telling you what the product is, sounds more like a sales pitch. But when you're like, "tell me, how do I make a report?" I think that's a little bit challenging to find, but maybe I wasn't looking right. That's the challenge that I had with learning how to use it. And again, I guess it goes hand in hand with being customizable to the company, so you have to learn that.

Training materials more upfront for new users

provide ability to use Quantum tape backup machine

Easy navigation. Better security. Integration

Ease-of-use for new users. Better options to export events/notables. More streamlined UI

Not enough documentations and code examples for developers. Sometimes slow performance. Versioning of contents

Modules available earlier in multiple languages

Would love a better overview of crashed workflows and options to revive them easier. An option to sort rules in a Nintex forms, complex forms with lots of rules can be hard to administrate because it lacks this option.

Looking more reports. Automated agent assignment can be improve. User Interface can be improve

As far as missing functionality or hard to use, I think a better job could be done with the roles and permissions feature of Genesys Cloud CX, even though it's actually much more simplified than Genesys Engage. I think the scope for improvement, because it can get confusing at times as to what roles or permissions could be provided for a particular user or for a particular product that is being used, or so it could get a bit confusing. I think that could be improved.

Recruiting - Easier way to recruit

formatting of upload files can be tricky. error messaging could be better. there can be a lag when cycling through data

Ease of navigation in the holistic platform. Sometimes it felt too cumbersome. cost - we ended up moving to monday.com as a company

Better support integration using mailing

Pricing for cloud backup

Not allowing you to upload images for thumbnails, some previews/thumbnails don't show up depending on file type so you can't see what it is without downloading it. The organization of assets in the portal isn't as user-friendly as the main library. It can be difficult to find something once they enter the portal. It would be nice to have more customization features and functionality in the style guidelines, it's very basic and doesn't look as professional as the main library.

When there is an error and work is unable to be saved, sometimes it is unclear what the issue is. When adding an estimate, there are issues sometimes if a cost code has to be added. Cost codes at times have issues with their sub-cost codes.

the technical names of the fields. the exemption management

I think it goes back to what I said on the classic UI. There's stuff like the segmentation or the tools because I know there are other areas you can click on. On the front, when you land on the page, the front of the page would be easier to see. Sometimes I have to use segmentation. I have to go to classic UI, put it on there, and then after that, so it takes a little bit longer to process and even apply it. So it's really back and forth. But other than that, that's the only thing I can just ask for room improvement.

Better plug-ins for agile tools. Meeting set-up could be easies. Enhance the framing capabilities

We would like to see more use of this product in such a way that we can insert JavaScript so that we can understand the bot detection very well. I understand that it does bot detection, with some constraints, but we have to expand that bot detection very well to do fraud detection much better just like Google Recapture. Second is the WAF product. Sometimes we are getting false positives just because in the scope of the applications we had to stop certain headers, HTP headers, and we would like to see if there is some kind of a way to enhance the product to use machine learning to do this automatically or suggest to do it automatically in the future.

The drag-and-drop builder can be a bit basic - some of the customizations could be improved. The free plan is used to send automated welcome emails, now this is not a feature unless you upgrade. It's very similar to a lot of other email marketing systems out there - for the price you pay, it would be nice to see Mailchimp offer something more advanced

It would be nice to have a better management interface on the device. We don't use DNA center for it.

easy access to reconfiguration of the nodes. 24/7 technical support (online). built-in firewall since another brand has this feature.

Storage space. Sorting Videos within individual private libraries

Additional language packs

Literally everything. I think their free websites are terrible. Good luck getting it to pop up well on a google search. In my experience, their campaigns are useless on their own. In my opinion, Support is terrible. Emails lack options to add attachments. System doesn’t remove duplicate clients. In my experience, when you transfer a lead, they will keep getting the previous agents campaigns. I think this is super confusing for consumer and terrible for agents since you need to constantly babysit kvCORE.

Moving over images and boards. Sharing of channel as a whole for collaboration instead of individual boards. Faster loading of boards

There must be a less time-consuming process to train people for AstraDB. Price range can be made attractive. Integration and tools can be made a little better.

in the forms to be able to incorporate conditioning questions. everyone can download files and not just monday members. notifications are often stopped without prior notice

Updates

IT Planning - lining up the contract tab to the summary tab when you are doing a forecast & actuals are involved. New Customer Support - today we are working with a Premier Resource who is fabulous! We had worked with TAS, and I do not feel that it was nearly as beneficial.

It can be little lightweight in terms of features provided. Some solutions might not need those many features and that will help customer in terms of cost as well. A little complex to implement

Use case. Pre defined Data models. End point frame works. Data loss protection use cases and framework

Sometimes I have to delete the same message multiple times before it disappears from my phone.

Reporting specifically holding our custom created fields for us. End user (not system user) gui - getting better with HUB etc. Dashboards

Please make the UI more user friendly. Landing pages should have a 'Used By' and 'created by' details. Tokens should have a 'used by' method to track back. Spam leads and reasons need to be more detailed. Spam trap in emails should be a default functionality. Email scanners clicking email links should not be part of email performance or link performance reports

Full-page versioning. More capability with versioning. Updated languages for content names

Training. Learning. Discipline. Custom Fields

Back-end management of training requirements can be cumbersome. Calibration and maintenance could use more automation of recurring requirements

Support. Customer Service. Functionality. Compatiblity. Support for other currencies. Their offer

No improvement can be suggested at this moment as it fits our needs and more

Software could be more benefit from a more modern and intuitive design. Developing a mobile app or optimizing TallyPrime for mobile browsers will make users financial information on the go. Customizable dashboards and charts would be valuable for decision-makers.

Some settings are hard to find. Notifications are not all controllable by the user. Document upload on the app is sometimes spotty.

Contracts lifecycle needs to be improved. Speed and performance is issue sometimes. Expert services and SLAs on incidents.

For our use evrything was great. We did not see things for improvement

Price is a little high, but worth the cost. Issues with some vmware hosts not being able to be backed up due to vmware licensing. No issues with HyperV though!

Voice-to-text is not perfect. They can't never get my name right. Desktop app always defaults to 'my room' but I prefer to see the list of calls. Forwarding a call feature always asks if I also want to change my greeting - not always

Repeating tasks could be easier to make. Easier to see overdue tasks. Notifications can get lost with so many projects

Knowledge management. Examples of action sequences. Scrum

I am still learning the board, simple, easy instructions could be broken down better. could add a private journal section for a worker to be able to privately vent. I have been frustrated with the "help" section.

I don't like getting alerts that the copy failed and then seeing that it succeeded. I would like it to be translated into Spanish

More widgets. Duplicate settings option, especially for color scheme. Improved color input for customized settings

Agency portal (for recruiting). Succession Planning in very basic. Careers avilable via Mobile App

Particularly export function of file in other format can be made more user-friendly. User interface can be mode more intuitive. Certainly tool bars can be made more attractive. User specific/organization specific symbols can be made more customizable

Fax support. Easier access to recordings. Ability to auto dial

Some aspects of NetSuite are a bit difficult from an administrative aspect, such as the workflow interface. Not all transactions and changes to fields are tracked in system information. There's a moderate learning curve to the NetSuite database model.

Being able to print out email campaign. letter.

Shortcuts between batches instead of having to go back to payroll pay entry everytime. Ability to change punch type within the app. Paid time off tracking calculates time off incorrectly. Makes it hard for the employee to track their time off.

I would like to see balance sheet reporting with past periods. In my opinion, their sales team feels so obnoxious and uninformed - I feel like they just want to sell, and likely don't actually know how the system works. Exporting reports is in a tiny, tiny font that you always have to change.

More flex in automations. Identify duplicate automations that do the same thing just worded different. Better notification of automation errors

Speedy bug fixes. Score based survivorship. Automatic recleanse address

Updated contact info. Larger data. Better filtering.

User interface. Synchronization. Information security

Cost Consideration. Customization Flexibility. Less complexity.

Geographic visitor groups: It would be really nice to see if they could use another tool for this which does not use the space on our DXP hosting

Doing almost anything custom. There is usually a way to do it but it is a very manual process. Trying to find short videos with a moderate amount of training content is difficult. Scheduling a training campaign that drops content in regular intervals is not possible. Each piece of content has to have its own campaign.

Ability to identify different users

More customizations on the integration side to Hubspot and Salesforce, how data is enriched and fields are mapped. Credit distribution being required across the team keeps us from getting the most out of our total credits. AEs do need to be able to find contact info and prospect when needed, but they're not going to use 1000 credits per month.

Remembering clients details. Easier to amend details. To send docs out pre stacked

Be able to backup Sharepoint sites without needing a license for every user who has access to the site. Be able to backup Teams teams without needing a license for every user who is part of the team

More competitive pricing. Easier to understand documentation. predictable pricing

How to listen to voicemail messages from my cellphone is not an option when calling my phone number. How to access FAQs

Caller ID features on App

The design is a bit outdated. Not a big problem per-se, but it sometimes feels a bit out of place in 2023. Some functionalities are a bit hidden in the menus. Even when you think you know where they are, it still feels counter intuitive to have to look for them.

Security can be complicated. no search on inbox or notifications

When duplicating a task not having "copy" on each duplication

Time tracking, especially for reporting purposes, does not work intuitively. High-level reporting is difficult or impossible because of the imaginary "folder" structure. Often there are bugs with the automations and dependencies. There is no way to apply template changes to dashboards already built on that template

Log in system is cumbersome with code access at times. Varying permission settings for managers

sometimes notifications don't work or get jumbled. auto set up color status across entire account. easier to find items in archive

I would love to see tips integrated into the user interface from the management side to allow for easier dissection of email headers. This would allow lower level admins that may work at smaller companies to better understand the information presented.

I would love to see the possibility to have an all in one option. Now I have to surprise my clients for usage costs at the end. I’m not sure but not everyone has WhatsApp and there are many more chat programs available that could do with integrations.

Occasionally we have faced that Bluejeans can be sluggish and jerky, especially when there are many attendees in the meeting. this should be improved as it is used on regular basis and this might be challenging to communicate clearly. Not all the popular productivity tools are integrated with it, the developer should work on its integration scope,now it is challenging to collaborate with other platforms for specific tasks. There should be improvement in the mobile App, as I have experienced uncertain crashes and it is not user friendly as compared to desktop version.

Refresh time is quite a lot.

Better upgrading. Better documentations. Video tutorials.

pricing :). an easier way to prepare training data. UI can be improved

I know Guru has limited access, but if they could allow users to update some cards that can help the organization, then why not?. There are some bugs, such as opening cards, which might take some seconds to load or pull up. Other than this, I see nothing that can be improve in Guru.

Doubling up as an actual CRM. Giving more column options. Making widgets easier to use

Gamification: Expanding gamification elements within the platform could make security training more engaging and enjoyable for users, encouraging them to participate more actively. Better integration with other tools such as SIEM and email gateway. Phishing simulations can use more templates, so that users will not see the same templates more than once.

Remove icons for services/apps that haven't been purchased

The desktop app works well but you can only change the input/output during a call

Pricing. Use case flexibility. Call queue functionality and pricing associated with call queues vs users. Customer Support

More integration with Gsuite. Creating blocklist for Gsuite. Rooms section on the dashboard is slow to load

Expensive. Customer Service. Frequent changes to the platform to learn

Again, The monster platform is the ultimate one where we can find the talented profile. In Ceipal ATS, we can find the candidate from entry level to Senior or lead or director level. all kind of profiles are available. last but not least, the experience and updated resume option is best one

Implementation cost. SAP ECC adapter needed

Some times internal dB didn't respond well. Sometimes it's works very slow. Candidate locations sometimes wrongly mentioned. Monster views low

My biggest desire for monday.com would be to allow a mix of 'And' and 'Or' within the same filter, currently you can only choose one or the other. Providing more examples for formula writing (maybe among customers as well) would be helpful. I'd like to see cascading event pushes, based on capacity. If a job is A-B-C-D (must be in order; changing A would automatically push B-C-D.

Pricing Model - free version is quite limited and the package prices can be more attractive for SME companies. User Interface Complexity - the UX in the backend is good, but sometimes I am confused to find a specific function. Real time translation would be great in terms of accessibility

transaction recognition. subsidiary set up. resource code set up

Consistency - There's been a lot of turnover of staff over the past year. It would be ideal to have the same account manager for more than six months. In many countries, Omnipresent uses local service providers to employ folks. In those countries, we see really long response times, and the info provided isn't always accurate or easy to understand.

Colors of the app. Improve app for iOS. Improve app for Android

For managing the WFH users

In my experience, sometimes you have to reenter information as it doesn't save on initial entry. Having a more customizable page for each entity you're working in would be helpful. I would like to be able to consolidate or have a custom version that has your most used services all together

I commend the update to the language used in the folder hierarchy. There is an opportunity to continue to refresh the language within Guru to make it more platform agnostic. That will help users understand how to navigate the platform.

I've found some contact information is out of date for potential leads. Whether that is email, title, phone number, company, etc. Workflows occasionally break and need to fixed manually

Currently, the cost model is by server calls. Due to the nature of our architecture, we are charged server calls when there are errors on our web pages. And I wish it wasn't. 404 error, 500 error, we even get 200 errors saying everything's okay when everything's not okay. So that's not Adobe's fault, it's our own architecture. But the answer is, I wish there was more flexible pricing with respect to how server calls are charged. Some of them are non-material in terms of what the product is supposed to do for us and we could delete that kind of data, but it's read-only once it's collected. So we have no way of recouping any value.

The check mark options next to a date to auto fill when a date has past

FFST needs more user friendly details so that user can read and understand before raising a PMR request .

Reporting is robust but not user friendly unless proper training. Lacks Network Flow Analytics out of the box

More information on possible recovery. More training. Getting everything quicker to get started.

Ui could be little better. Little slow as compared to other systems.

Ability to view recent actions on mobile devices. Ability to edit original comments on mobile devices. Easier way to search for archives. Add notifications for desired status labels and/or high priority tasks

Easier to pull multiple areas of data. AI

Changing donations into another record. Unfortunately we sometimes need to move a donation to another member and can't without deleting and re-entering. Reports could be easier to build.

Faster DB provisioning speed. No room for improvement as of now

New Functionality: I don't know whether this is possible (haven't seen it), but based on what the status of the task is, make it automatically move under a new group. For example, if I move my status to "Complete", then make this task auto-populate under a "Completed" board.

Global search term ability. Ability to edit documents on Diligent Boards

I'm missing further explanations of the various reports. I'm missing more metrics. Heavy Dynamic Yield script that affects page speed

Maintenance Windows. Lot's of advance configurations

More freedom to play around. More personalization to the boards. More tools for time tracking

The intake form was a little difficult to understand/set up. Once we got the foundation of concepts, we were good but getting started was a little difficult for us.

Subscription level limits functionality. Can get lost in information when stepping through investigations. Customisation

As it is open-source, I would like a box there, to fix those issues, and report to us so that we can install the updated version. So apart from that, I haven't faced anything but looks good.

monday.com could use customizable templates for groups. Especially for groups you create often. It would be great if the subitems columns could be unique to each group. We could help with exporting boards as a backup.

The corporate color scheme is somewhat dated feeling. The 2FA a uthentication would be improved by being able to use faceID or fingerprint instead of entering numerical code each login. It would be nice to set up alerts for myself in rippling

Overall forward lookimng on Capex needs more considerations like is it an expense with procurement, services or managed services. Shoudl factor costs related to pure turnkey and straigh line revenue

Alt text not transferred over if duplicating post on a different social account. Alt text limit for LinkedIn fewer words than is allowed from direct posting. Other types of posts for LinkedIn, like document and article, not available

Integrations. Changing predefined properties. Bulk update.

Just being picky (because not much is wrong), I'd love it if some views would auto-refresh rather than me having to click to do so manually

I think sometimes matching fonts. So if you receive a PDF and you have to edit, sometimes you don't have the font and sometimes it's not depending on which way you're accessing it. It's not easy to either buy the font or enable the same font. So I think integration with it, recognizing the font, and more easy access to match font.

I believe some of the Guru articles are easy to understand and some of them are hard. I hope they make it more easier to read and understand. Some of the Guru articles consume a lot of time and that's not an option for us especially when taking calls. please make it more short and compact to save time of the callers and ours. When I'm trying to search for a specific Guru most of the time the search bar needs the exact title. It would be much easier of they allowed us to at least search for a keyword and every connected article on that keyword will be shown.

Skepticism on where the views/searches are coming from. There are errors/glitches but they have great support to help. Can be slow at times. User experience in the Salesforce dashboard isn't as nice as the main interface.

Smart alerts and automatic alert systems are somewhat hard to implement. Finding creators of either smart alerts or graphs is also hard to figure out. The learning curve with working on IBM Instana is very high.

Greater customization. AI for reading invoices. More user-friendly menus

Being able to see things at a glance, allowing me to make informed decisions quickly. The timeline allows me to look at the experience a customer has had with us over their life time

Reporting. Employee Self Service can be a little confusing

Cisco Meraki MR sometimes do release software version that have problems. A Mobile App has been released to aid with admin support of the solution, but it needs to improve in stability. The new management interface now consumes more area of the web page and isn't as concise as before. Albeit it looks more modern.

Customization for Notifications. Deeper Integrations with Third-Party Apps

Hard to use extensions without some knowledge of HTML/CSS. Inconsistent user counts between GA & Optimizely when it comes to calculating MAUs, hard to be able to forecast budget and overages when our source of truth (GA) differs from our testing platform (Optimizely). Impressions model doesn't support scaling personalization experiences - hard to run a serious data driven testing program when you have to cut tests short before 14 days (ideal length to get to any statistical read) in order to save on impressions

Messaging. Quick Calls. Feasibility

Learning curve for new users. Learning manuals and videos

More 'finished' visuals to support presentations. More formatting options, like power point (align, move, center, ..). More relevant templates to quickly support workshops

Ability to upload documents of all types

Mobile / Offline experience. Enterprise audit capability and better account level analytics/reporting. Clear and concise pricing/contract terms

Make some more difficult calculations about current time etc

if it could provide with smaller instances or any lightweight version. sometimes the auto-scaling option becomes headache for support team making it. non accessible for users

Restoring one or some files of a virtual Linux system. Killing a hanging back-up process

More flexibility around the end user communications specifically around managers. Access to Data for reporting and integrations from learning into central data bases

Technical support. Performance of the solution. Dynamic dashboards

The ability to share just specific items on the board with guests. Currently, it shows all items on a shared board. The dashboard is not shareable. Some automations need improvement

Need better ways to VIEW pulses. (Horizontal scrolling on large boards is tough.). The ability to color code an individual pulse all the way across. (Background). Allow individual users to hide columns / fields on a board, but not for other users. Allow the ability to search INSIDE a pulse for relevant information when in archived state.

Sometimes the audio quality can cut out. That is not always a good thing when in an important meeting. Users that don't use Chrome, or haven't updated their browsers experience audio issues. Every once in a while the visuals will disconnect if the internet bandwidth isn't big enough to host.

Third party integrations

Nothing particular comes to mind

There tends to be random errors when engaging with the platform, requiring constant refreshing of the browser. The platform can slow down significantly at certain times, where you would need to wait for the program to finish loading before the next action can be completed. When left idle for some time, there is no pop-up letting you know you need to log in until after certain actions are completed. Thus you could be building something, take a break, come back, add additional items, only to have to refresh and possibly lose any work that was added after being idle.

Big board can seem over cluttered, need a way to manage it better. Better stickers, the standard ones are not that great. Need an auto signin option

Linux Agent

customer services - some need more knowledge. year end is always busy, Paylocity should hire more employees to assist clients w/issues or questions

can be more better for mobile service in offline mode. Query optimization should be more effective. Data migration can be more fast and during migration service will be active. It is best suitable for large database, nor for small scale

Easier configuration of after hours rules. Easier configuration of call queues. More options for customization

Clients would like the ability to create individual schedules each month/week for each employee inside the timekeeping section of Paycom. When hiring a new hire that previously worked with a company that utilized Paycom, we run into major issues with getting them logged in due to the email address being recognized from the previous employer

user interface. price. integration

Connect the operational Ariba contracts completly with S/4 contracts. company hierarchies in SLP and relation in according to the mdg. Implementation of a good search engine

Notification. User Management Administration

support. pricing. Estimating tool should have better options for General Contractors. reduce more many clicks you need to complete a task. too many micro actions with no ability to do macro actions. transferring estimates to budgets continues to be an issue. ERP integration troubleshooting is difficult

Last minute attendee addition could be made more simple. Inclusion of knowledge base documents could be much more helpful. The virtual exhibition portion is little bit complex and can be made a lot simpler

Hinge construction could be improved

Something could be done about costing, probably let users select the range of devices and tailor the cost of the application accordingly. there is a bit of latency which is understandable, but that can be a room for improvement. provide option for teams of 4 people and price the app correspondingly

Deduplication. Encryption. High latency stretched DR

Self help tutorials could be more explanatory. Sometimes there is jargon used that the common user would not understand. Phone model options. MP3 voicemail files instead of only WAV. SMS texting with customers

They could improve a bit on warranty returns. I had to deal directly with the TV manufacturer when a TV arrived damaged.

Creating formulas to track different KPIs. Integration with other project management softwares. Storing versions of files

Tax Payment Services amendment processing. Customer Service response time

Accessibility is tricky on the front end. Notifications are often hard to follow to the main task. Assignments are often hard to follow to the main task.

Monday.com support - With the level of competency I have with monday.com products, I can usually find the answers to my questions, but when I do need help, I'd prefer to talk to a CS agent rather than a bot that directs me to the same articles that I've seen and don't address my issue. I once attempted to get a sales rep from monday.com to do a full interactive demo with my department to show the capabilities of monday.com that we could invest in I wasn't able to demonstrate because we have a basic plan. I was disappointed in our experience, no one took the time to find out what we wanted/needed from the demo, and ended up being a waste of time, and a poor showing that did not impress my colleagues. Which after my cheerleading for the product for so long, made me also look bad. The pricing plans are a little misleading, it says with a basic or standard plan that you can have unlimited seats - but my manager noticed the price creeping up when we added guests to view the boards that the 3 main users were building.

The prepaids module is clunky and burdensome to work in. The fixed assets module is clunky and burdensome to work in. I would like to see the ability to create financial reports to be more dynamic and user friendly.

More "in your face" notice of added features that require being added to a user profile. Clearer explanations of what is needed on importing sheets. Go back to emailing office hours recaps for people that attended or signed up to attend

Document Library - You search for an employee and click "add document", then you have to re-type the employee's name again.

editing communications, personalization features, email layout. metrics and filters, some period filters are made in the chacklist and do not impact on all the metrics presented, requiring manual export and organization

Architecture - 800 records being retrieved at one point of time. More interaction with employees. Strong help desk capability

User Interface feels slow (both the app and web dashboard). A lower tier Personal plan would be welcome. No Paypal payment

Multi selection. Stationary cells

Bank reconciliation. Exceptionally outdated and inefficient process for clearing checks. Accounts payable. New vendor setup process could be so much easier, especially for vendors who are already employees. Credit card puchases. Badly needs improved functionality in the posting of transactions to actual vendors. The import process needs to be made more intuitive.

Formulas and Calculations. Integration with sheets. Tag guest and create groups of guests

Optimizing the UI can also make it easier for me to navigate the functions within the system. Long-recorded Zoom conversations to be uploaded directly to HubSpot CRM. The initial installation process is time-consuming.

cards/notes sent with swag - more choices

Outdated user interface. Learning curve. Overly complex for small use cases

Speed performance. The app feels heavy even with a very fast internet, on a powerful laptop with the native app. The task creation based on email. Great for creating tasks, but not for updating, interacting and changing task status. More flexible automation. Sometimes you need specific automation for a specific list / folder / space, which seems difficult to achieve with current features

Booking flights by fare can be slow sometimes and doesn’t always populate the fee. The codes for trips or expenses can be confusing. The mobile experience could be more like the desktop version

In my opinion, CRM innovation has been near non-existing for many years, preferring to spend their efforts in other business lines such as a marketing platform. Two-factor authentication only available at the entreprise level. Enough of a reason on its own to seek alternatives. Some localisation issues for non-US users.

More Automated processes. Email directly from Monday. Quick contacts view

It’s incredibly overwhelming as a new user. It’s cluttered on screen but I don’t know if that can be helped. There are so many ways to get lost.

UX: Wrike isn't the most elegant software but gets the job done. Ease-of-Use: The software has a steep learning curve for new users. Automation Rules: Automation is great when it works but requires some trial and error to get it to function the way you intend.

the GUI could be more user friendly

Its fully not backward compatible. It is memory-consuming for heavy and large workloads and datasets. Support for advanced analytics is not available - MLlib has minimalistic analytics. Deployment is a complex task for beginners.

Security. More robust. Improve on latency

Recognising the difference between 'boards' and 'apps.' I could be wrong on this as I am not a super user - but there's little discernible difference between the boards vs. apps from 3rd parties. Seems the apps are incredibly powerful and they appear like 'boards' and yet they don't appear where the other boards appear. I'm sure this is more my lack of knowledge with monday.com. Even just different iconography would be helpful to flag that one thing is not like the other. A little annoying in that an automation that sends an email out from my email, also means I get notified of that email. I understand why, but if I wanted to know every time the system sent an email response (from my email), I'd like the option to turn that on/off.

Automated alerts when users have exceeded their allotted lunch time in minutes.

Offers us less customization options as it is fully managed by the service provider. A bit challenging too in troubleshooting and debugging issues without access to the underlying infrastructure. Can become hard on pockets with the cost when the amount of workload increases. When we stop Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) so it automatically starts after some hours and it is not good to maintain cost.

provide visual mark-ups on posted projects

Apply SST number for newly added tax State need to provide or fill all details again and again, you can assist us if the profile available data is already filled with the relevant field

The note stickers are a little hard to manage (in terms of the font - it easily becomes way too small when you put lots of text, so you need to adjust it quite a lot manually). When you get into the screen, sometimes it takes a moment to navigate and see where the board actually is. So it would be great if it automatically put you in the right place without having to zoom out and search for the workplace.

Upgrade roadmap. Mass content management. Providing features on CMS 11.

Mobile usage. Excel functions

Sometimes, the automatic features you have selected glitch. Sometimes, things don’t update in real time. Sometimes, too many people being logged in at once can overwhelm the board.

Unlocking user accounts. Assigning specific users to training rather than groups. Ability to split up and modify the monthly phishing results.

There was one time that when SureTax was down, it took us a while to reach the support through phone line, but the problem was finally resolved.

The cost associated with HID DigitalPersona is a bit high which will be difficult for small businesses. Better integration with other security solutions is something I'd like to see. I'd like to be able to export HID DigitalPersona logs to my SIEM system, for instance. HID DigitalPersona's reporting capabilities could be expanded.

Platform overall itself isn't simple. There are a lot of buttons and things going in everywhere. dashboard views are chaotic. not pretty/aesthetically pleasing

Daily Logs. Customizable Workflows. Easier to follow documentation

There are some issues, but I'm not sure if the issues are generated by NetSuite, or by other software inputting data into NetSuite. Sometimes NetSuite creates a long list of duplicate addresses for a single constituent

Calls drop often. Calls "refuse" at times with no apparent cause. Metrics are hard to understand and read

Ease of printing of certificates for employees is cumbersome. Ability to run thorough reports for users when trainings are completed.

It could be easier to just log into Wrike online than to use the app on Mac.

It's specifically geared for SOC and not broader automation. The artifact filtering that's forced on everything inside the platform is pretty awful. the documentation and support could be improved

the platform is insanely easy to use.

It could be faster and more stable, especially when working on large boards or during collaborative sessions. Improving speed and reducing crashes would enhance UX. It could be a little easier to work with data by offering better integration with data sources and more advanced visualization options. This would help users create data-driven visuals. Miro's project management features could be improved with better scheduling, task management, and resource allocation options. These enhancements would make it more useful for managing complex projects.

iOS App Missing a lot of features and it needs time to be able on iPad use web version - app is forced. UX on small resolution screens is tricky. I’m missing license for “unlimited enterprise users”. It could later reflects only “active” users etc.

resource hungry. often have to restart the server to perform a recovery. Can't recover and back up at the same time.

the automation system can be easier to use. make it more obvious when a filter is applied to a board. the mobile app sometimes takes a little time to load information.

Needs more customer service portal functionality out of the box. More visibility to SEO properties. Better content search

User interface. Charts and visual representation of data

Easier navigation for new users. KPI responses. Deconflicting multiple entity IDs.

Small daily task management. Better Ui so i can find stuff easier. project storage

Assigning levels inside of Wrike. Lack of a training program

Blacklist integration

Its interface is quite simple but repetitive in nature. Database authentication problems can be improved. Sometimes logical errors occur which is annoying in nature.

More customisable tracking mechanisms (although current one's are good). Mobile app notifications do not work at all. More dashboard features

Incident Response capabilities and features. Apps and streamlining the build process. real time syntax linting. Available Documentation and online Learnings

Some of the automation tool needs improvement. Vendor support is felt costly when the infra is comparatively smaller.

Portal is confusing. Some emails get through still. Quarantine email is not always functional

Failures in a Kubernetes cluster might be difficult to diagnose. I think it's easy for mistakes to be made during installation.

Whitelisting can be tricky sometimes. A small/medium organization can lose itself in the maze of the licensing. Linux protection can be highly improved

Additional operating systems outside of the daily standards. Quickness of support

Automatically archive old tasks

Don't know what you don't know - meaning we use the features we know and trust and don't look outside the box to add features to our flow.

Query parameters can sometimes be a little hard to understand. Aggregations are not the friendliest

Streamlined Test Data Management:. Challenges: Managing test data in Salesforce, especially when dealing with complex data models and large datasets, can be challenging. While Tricentis supports data-driven testing, it can be more intuitive in terms of data generation, manipulation, and maintenance. Room for Improvement: Tricentis could benefit from improved test data management features, including the ability to easily create, import, and export test data. Additionally, the tool could offer more built-in data generation options, data masking capabilities, and better integration with external data sources to simplify the test data setup process. Scriptless Testing for Complex Scenarios:. Challenges: While Tricentis offers a user-friendly interface for test case creation, some complex Salesforce scenarios may still require scripting knowledge. This can be a hurdle for business users or testers with limited scripting expertise. Room for Improvement: Tricentis could enhance its scriptless testing capabilities by providing more advanced, yet user-friendly, features for handling complex scenarios. For example, improving the visual test design interface to accommodate intricate conditional logic, dynamic data handling, and complex user interactions without requiring scripting would make the tool more accessible to a broader range of users.

Other options for notifications. Lowers costs for small organizations. Download PDF with feedback as comments on PDF

Development work is still needed but not full development. Cost

To me there is only one thing: streamlining and focusing my prompts sometimes takes a bit. A finite number of credits for the month causes me to hesitate in refining where being able to simply purchase more would not.

Localization and Global Support. Advanced Email Deliverability Insights. Advanced Workflows for E-commerce

Onboarding. Easy customization. More options for user page (my work)

More Collaboration. Virtual Backgrounds. Ease of use of connected devices

Difficult to find help on your own in the help section. Easy of use in the help section. Automatic session numbers generated by the system. This would provide more consistence in the ledgers along with easier lookup capability.

Make it easier to get out of of the CMS once you activate it. now, anytime you use CMS and try to go to your website after it opens the CMS if you're logged into the admin console, which is really annoying. Make it easier to create widgets without needing to work through a developer or partner. Help manage image sizes when adding them to the site, to help improve site speed.

Integration into okta

Product Master. AI Use cases by industry

Enable mechanisms for data processing before applying mining

Music is very loud, with no way to adjust at my end (maybe just me), so I end up turning it off. Too easy for collaborators to move the background, locking certain items is fiddly

The program becomes slow after you have a lot of data on it

Email functionality. No other suggestions for improvement, the platform offers a lot. No other suggestions for improvement, the platform offers a lot

More marketing tools inside video. Social share

Building the survey could be easier when moving questions. Putting the questions in specific order takes some time, it can be easier in other softwares

user interface UI. Complexity - can be overwhelming. pricing. mobile app. non-Adobe integration

There is limitation on number of svrconn connections you can have to MQ on the mainframe which has been an major issue for us. This has been an issue for us for over 4 years and still no fix although I am aware IBM have been working on a solution over the last year. When upgrading to MQ V9.3 on our MQ appliances there is no fall-back option. This was the same for MQ V9.2 upgrade from MQ V9.0. For production upgrades this I believe is not acceptable. AMS is not supplied as part of the standard mainframe MQ licence. You need an extra licence. IBM tell customers how important security and protecting data is yet they still want to charge for this software. The cost of MQ on the mainframe is not cheap so I would expect AMS to be part of the base product.

Create a way to edit/recall a PAF form. Answering phones calls could use some improvement

I need to be able to customize sequences better. not able to create a sequence or task that matches how I want to reach out to some of my prospects.

customer service. customization

Differently. It's very complex if you're not used to it.

Costs can scale unpredictably without notice. As with all AWS tools, overly complex interface.

Report writer editing could be better. Setting up calendar year vs fiscal year does not work

From experience, they respond when they say they will - they say "24-48" hours but problems take weeks to resolve. I believe they don't put service reps in the position of lying to your customers - give them access to accurate information. Give access to senior level support instead of just having text service reps that don't have access to information or ability to actually fix anything.

Filtering templates as default per user. Not allowing everyone to save the view

Moving arrows and lines. Drawing more freely. Organizing post its and drawings. Shapes and simple features need improvement

automations and features can be difficult to create. when one thing doesn't work there can be a snow ball effect. It can be easy to over complicate work flows

Learning reporting is rough when it comes to reporting out retraining deadlines. In Learning, the curricula retrain option for time based instead of event based causes compliance issues

Allowing more features for the free version. Most customization for display

Let users know that Teams backup is disabled beginning of the install.

Setting up the flex benefit features was combersome. COBRA administration

Expenses module - although I believe this has just been launched. Timing of receiving transfers into Tipalti account - Can take a couple of hours. Error checks when processing invoices to ensure that they synchronise to NetSuite first time.

Getting started. Setup of backup repositories unless you're on a domain environment. License is expensive and you have to add the cost of cloud storage

visuals. graphs

Improve user access. Adding the ability to share with auditors would be a great option. Price could be improved

compatibility with other registration plugins

a larger choice of stickers

lack of staff. staff cant problem solve or understand english

Releases should be more stable

Managing multiple job codes at multiple job sites. It is a complicated system to learn when new system administrators are involved. More communication around learning opportunities

documentation. count down

When we first started really using Nextiva Business Phone Service, we called customer service the wait was longer than I would've liked. However, it didn't take long for them to not only fix that problem but to turn it into one of their best characteristics. Now when I call I'm barely on hold for one minute!. If I had to complain about one thing, it's that if you call customer service with a task that takes some time to do, you will have to stay on the line with the rep while they do it. So you could be on the phone with them for a while. But again, they have a solution for that as well. You can have the rep submit an overnight ticket and it will be fixed when you come in the next day. This isn't a huge issue as once you're set-up, you won't have too many "long time" issues.

User Experience. Better integration with third parties. Implement customers need based in their voice

Phone settings are little confusing until you get used to it. The rules are a little unintuitive.

There are times where applying an action won't automatically refresh a stream, making it seem as though the action didn't go through (but it did)

Not easy to setup. System is Costly. Hardware is Expensive

I can't think of one at the moment.

A bad data button

CRM automation

Ability to drag and drop into Doc

When your board is crowded you can experience a bit of lag at times, but it's understandable given the amount of content that needs to load. It's barely noticeable.

Ease of setting up automations

Need to solve the latency issue. Bit expensive and complex for solo and small business

REPLICATION WITH ECC. REPORTING

We had issues with RingCentral Plug to MS 365 when on the cloud. The plug had to be uninstalled. When I call support, the verification of our account takes a long time. Text to email should be simplified.

Collaborating features could be improved. UI could be improved. Some features only work on certain browsers

employees that left the company still has pending expenses reports whereas it should be a connection with the offboarding btween SAP ECC and Concur to trigger a task

Sometimes call related features are buggy. But its rare. Little expensive compared to newer CRM platforms. Customisation could be improved. Some customers complained me about below par customer support. Could certainly be improved for a good company like Zendesk.

In my opinion, the user dashboard has minor issues. In my opinion, reviewing is clumsy - reviewers need changes highlighted and view everything in preview mode only. Better documentation - In my opinion, we have to rely too much on our customer service rep

Would love to see direct integration into Active Directory Federated Services. Would like to see a refresh of the UX for the mobile app. More advanced notification of changes, upgrades, releases

Their Product Support can take a long time to respond and/or give incomplete responses so you have to go back and forth to get the correct response. Certifications exist but are in bad need of an update to make them more user friendly as they are the only way to set an expiration date. Reporting 2.0 can have more latency issues then other parts of the system and it is always when you really need to grab that report.

Its version control integration is slightly complex compared to vs code, not allowing us to stage, unstage changes easily, meaning most developers are forced to use the terminal. It is extremely heavy on RAM consumption and often hangs up on low RAM machines. Despite being the defacto Java IDE, It doesn't provide additional features to help move debug recurring Java errors

Management of agents fleet. Reporting of agents. Performance of agents. More virtualisation plateform support (standard KVM like proxmox or opennebula, xen..)

More features/users available for free accounts. More AI integration of notes. sub-account statuses

As a small company it would be good to have more flexible invoicing dependent on use. It is not always clear on how to manage lists. Easier explanations on the type of sign up or storage of a contact

Mindmaps directly integrated. Overview of Employee working hours

I prefer to highlight or color code items

On the DB Query Reader node, it would be helpful if it had a graphical query building and editing interface, like KNIME's competitor platform has. It's not a deal breaker for our organization though as we develop the SQL in other application before importing into KNIME.

If/then cycles are missing. Low code platform. Third parties integration on the shelf

Accuracy of Data: Similarweb's data is quite reliable, but it's not always 100% accurate. There can be discrepancies in traffic estimations and keyword rankings. Improving the accuracy of these metrics would be beneficial, especially for businesses that heavily rely on precise data for decision-making. Mobile App Data: Mobile apps play a significant role in online media, and having more comprehensive data on app traffic and usage would be a valuable addition. Currently, Similarweb focuses primarily on websites, and expanding its capabilities in the mobile app space would make it even more relevant. Enhanced Demographic Data: While Similarweb offers audience insights, more granular demographic data would be helpful. Understanding the age, gender, and interests of website visitors with greater accuracy would assist marketers in crafting more targeted campaigns. Real-Time Data: Similarweb provides historical data and trends, but real-time data is limited. In today's fast-paced digital landscape, having access to up-to-the-minute information is critical for making quick decisions and responding to changes in the market. Adding real-time data would be a major improvement. Integration with Other Tools: Many digital media professionals use a variety of tools for analytics, marketing, and advertising. Enhancing Similarweb's integration capabilities with other popular tools and platforms would streamline workflows and make it easier to incorporate Similarweb data into existing processes.

I think it's great!

The look and feel of their product sometimes feels outdated. It does not inhibit our work, it just could be modernized a bit.

daily updates should be offered.

Turnaround times. QA review (more for landing pages and email copies than leads itself)

There are some automations I could utilize. I'd love for ways for a single board item to appear on multiple boards without having to use the link function.

There is nothing I think that needs improved at the moment.

In my opinion, it could keep closer tabs on updating leads. In my opinion, it could better narrow down search parameters

I think the org chart feature could be improved where individuals are categorized by position. For example, VP then under be Directors, then Managers, etc. The ATS tool wasn't very intuitive for us, so we don't use Paylocity for that anymore. There could be more features within that. Better tracking for certificates which I believe they are working to implement

Connection to other LMS systems, allowing content in Skilljar Customer Education Software to be played in other LMS systems. Ability to create admin roles for our customers to view course completions by only users within their organization. More integrations with web platforms for conducting virtual training sessions

Ability to add links to a reconciliation. Automatically closing of folders

Participants limit should be increased in trial version. pricing should be decreased

Lower subscriptions do not offer a "full experience"

No improvements required on the services we utilised

The ability to track time against tasks and sub tasks is not very good. Multiple users cannot track time against one "ticket" at once. The speed of the app is sometimes questionable, considering we use it all day and night, it often is as responsive as we'd like it to be.,. The search leaves a lot to be desired. Often tickets/items are archived so we rely on Searching for items to bring back necessary context, this Search UI doesn't always yield any or accurate results.

The report that provides the "Not payable" vendors does not work well for us, particularly because the sync to our ERP goes both ways, which means all of the employees also sync over to Tipalti and remain as Not Payable. So the list is very long, and I don't find a good use for it.

Better documentation with examples

Adding users and groups is not as intuitive as it could be

Better data visualizations

Making the portal more user friendly to the customer

too many alert when many people are writing inside the ticket. too many sub tasks to manage. not easy to find the opened ticket or tickets when we have been tagged

Systems Slow Down. Automatic Log Out. Repeatable Sign In

improve the voice part in Italian. improve the naming of download files so that they are immediately identifiable (e.g. month number instead of month name; ). for the voice part it would be useful to be able to write certain words (such as the proper name of a product or customer) with a phonetic syntax

Allowing more accounts without having to upgrade to a plan that is too big for our needs. Accounts would frequently be logged out, forcing us to log back in again. Would like to see added functionality for LinkedIn. I don't remember that being an option

I think if they continue to build out the flexibility of their platform, they're integrating knowledge professional into the CRM tools. So I think if they further that and develop that integration and then start further integrating to other variant products, I think it will be a well-rounded suite at that point. I think that's really where they need to focus.

Better integration in AHV

I have no areas for improvement to recommend.

A way to tell if you're over budget after entering an invoice with a warning alert. An alert feature to show if a transaction you entered has been declined. Clearer error message details, more definitive

high cost. slow interface

Basic Arcihtecture support and training. freelancers non users exposition to data

no issues to report

There's just a limitation on the amount of modules that we could put on. And then if you want to put a little more, then you have to pay a lot of money just to get a bigger chassis. I mean, the price, I think that's the main issue is the price jump from like a smaller bay to a bigger bay is like a huge amount of money on that.

Limited URLs in smart page groups. Transparency into all scalable costs

More API connectors to better visualize some data. Better automations, especially those based on calculations. A better way to sort through data

Would love ability to have card content in multiple Collections. Card linking: For link to show up in ZD ticket when checkbox is selected in card. The ability for Admins to adjust card content (typos, formatting, etc.) without. un-verifying it.

So that would be Marketo integration with Dynamics. So with Salesforce it's a 10 out of 10, and with Dynamics it's about a 4 out of 10. So there are several things that the dynamics version cannot do that the Salesforce version can do. The Native Sync with Dynamics..headache

Continue building out auto-recs. Improved SOX reporting

Reporting is clunky and not always easy to understand. Tax filing issue galore. Customer service takes too long to troubleshoot and fix the issue.

Mobile app could use some improvement for quick call option selections (IE Calls sent to mobile devices or not). Desktop hardphones that allow the use of Electronic Headset Lifters instead of requiring a physical lifter. Conferencing on hardphone could be a little easier to navigate. Not hard once you get used to it but does require a little practice to get used to it. Hardphone soft button customization

Connection may be unstable. The salesperson can see the customer, if he or she agrees. Money Back

In my experience, time and Attendance is hard for managers to navigate. In my experience, often Customer Service does not return calls. In my opinion, they want us to try to figure out things on our own.

drill down to employee level could be better. data validation with SuccessFactors is not always accurate

Cost optimization. Sometimes application is slow in responding and retrieving large set of data. UI can be made modernized and intuitive

link items between project but not as the exists capability. more playbooks to integrate Jira and monday.com. there are many integrations available, but i had to try many different ways till i learn the best method. ability to link exists Jira item to a monday.com item. we had to delete and recreate Jira items from monday.com.

Versioning process can be complex. Still need to refresh some of the interfaces

Adding a zip code to addresses. Integration of customer details into our internal database

It's possible I didn't see how to do this from the platform but I would like a way to turn off Outlook notifications.

this is the area I can see Planview Portfolios is very much lagging behind. If you see Atlassian, they are having a robust API information and using that we can securely access the necessary information based on the role. I think a similar kind of approach need to done in Planview Portfolios as well. User Information and Resource information is separate. Expecting that, during the User creation, when a resource is linked, automatically all the basic fields should be populated with the values, also if a person is having an User account there is no way for that person to know that what User role that he/she is having. Also none of the reports covering that details. Automation - It's mentioned using the UiPath some of the Automation has been done in the User creation but don't find any necessary document for better understanding.

More customization in the user interface

Reporting. Project Schedules. Resource allocation view

User interface. Mass creation and update performance. Replication of reference tables from S/4 or ECC to MDG HUB

Can give option to redeem points in cash. Can give option to redeem vantage point in gift card of any odd amount. Can show history of points credited or debited in separate option in screen

Their offerings are increasingly being integrated into their software

For large databases with extensive change logs, applying changes can sometimes lead to performance issues. Enhancements in performance optimization could help reduce execution times, especially for deployments involving significant schema modifications.

LMS Administration. Candidate Experience

Have an external database to improve search and backup performance

Some functions are great and would be nice to use, but there are limits on them. For example, fillable forms

The first thing that comes to my mind is mass approval of emails, because right now you need to go to every email separately and approve it manually. It would be nice to have bulk approval. There are some bugs that have been apparent for months and years. Example, sometimes when you check a preview of email, it shows some kind of error and you need to refresh the page several times. It would be nice if it would be fixed.

Some services require support to activate

file feeds to HRIS systems

User Interface (UI) Complexity. Integration Flexibility. Advanced Reporting and Analytics. Enhanced Data Migration Tools

Require more options for view on device dashboard. Require quick support in analysis. Threat campaign feature visibility

Having a customer service line would be beneficial, only having email option to internal HR reps. Having a calendar time off interface would be positive. Nothing much else to recommend, I gave the tool 10/10!

I occasionally experienced video loading delays that I feel can be improved. Although it takes a bit of time, the videos eventually load

For a non-profit pricing could always be better

Getting started. More online courses

More report possibilities and features

streamline automations add more features. just perfect

Time off. Time sheets. Payroll control center

Onboarding

The time it takes to remove a backup no longer available to the system. Managing Archived backups that are no longer on-site. A better way to get access to old backups

Better, simpler dashboard. Easier to search for company-owned trainings. More granular (and easy to pull) analytics

Editor performance. Easier way to find content that is referencing items that has been deleted. Easier way to manage project

Allow greater visibility when looking Qtr to Qtr or Yr to Yr. Better system for vendor creation and search

I don't see any for our usage

Dummies training, no everybody has much time to investigate, should be direct. Too much emails per task, one per project is useful and enough when assigning. Reminders of approvals and pending's can come every 3 days.

In the ATS module easier way to cancel pre employment screening if client declines the offer

The analytics tool could be improved to provide more accurate / easily accessible performance updates. Shoppable product tagging within the scheduling tool. Account integration. My organization has multiple brands under one account and we consistently have to re-connect each social account in the platform. We do not share these social accounts, so it's stressful to coordinate and communicate when these integrations are needed to each individual person.

More intuitive user interface. Simpler project creation. Tutorials for seldom performed tasks

Reporting could be a little better

the dashboard could be a bit more user-friendly. there is a link to categories for 1095C reporting that would nice to have directly linked. ACA data can be confusing to interpret as shown in compliance dashboard

To be able to drag a sub category into a different tab for the same page. For the sub categories to be sorted by date its due on the main category for the singular page

Getting CrowdSec to run on OPNsense can be a challenge, but that's also a limitation of the OS. You can only subscribe to a couple of feeds before paying an unknown amount of money that's part of their "Enterprise" package. So, there could be better transparency.

North/south reporting. Ease of use. Upgrading code.

User information addition is quite simple with Quickbase. Streamlining product data is very much straighforward. We get a central repository with Quickbase. The default templates for creating low code applications is very good

Duplicate management - too much room for allowing duplicate records, and from what we hear from our customers, de-duping can be cumbersome. Custom objects are complicated to build scalable integrations with.

Allowing the option for more then one pin at the top of the page. 2 or 3 pins would be great. Adding the @date - so that we can add the date easier than typing it out or copying pasting.. Ability to send more then one person an email and track the persons who open it when there are multiple people in the email.

Be able to film from two separate locations

All environments are updated with latest notes and this impacts production systems without an opportunity to test our lower environments with new patches. Faced quite a few issues with SAP Data Intelligence connectivity to SAP ECC and a considerable set of notes applied to both SLT and ECC to fix the issues

I would like all my contacts to get automatically filed. I would like to be able to chat with staff to fix my issue in a chat or text feature. I would like a cash referral fee for recommending companies to use it. I would like better analytics from it like what Zoho Analytics offers

Call answer delays. Call connection to cellular devices

Free Product does not offer much compared to paid version (consider different tiers?). Support staff could be better. Could improve its integrations with other analytical tools

Downsizing storage size is a complex process. Horizontal scaling is complex

The loading of "Previews & QA" takes too much time. As mentioned above, an AI code correction of the HTML issues would be great. The "Home" page is always set to "All Emails" instead of "My Emails". It would be great if we default it to "My Emails" instead of all.

The structure is good but maybe some color coding for tasks or projects. Phone app is terrible to use. Hard to navigate

Learning could be updated and include relevant compliance trainings. Benefits module can use an upgrade to include retirement plan enrollments. Compliance tracking and reminders throughout the year. File feed setup takes too long and has been very difficult for us. Communication during this process needs to be better. End users should have direct access to the person or team that is working on the connectivity with vendors.

I would like to see the back up reports with more details and better recommendations. I would be good to have better compression of the backups.

More automations for sub-items

Easier to add emails from other pages (mirroring columns esp email doesn't allow me to then send emails to that column). Slow when multiple tabs are open. Customer support for free!

User experience. Usability. Could be more intuitive

Membership management. Household vs. relationship mapping. Export formats for reports

Could be our group, but the meetups got a little overwhelming and hard to keep up with

Site can freeze while work on a draft. Cannot tag personal LinkedIn pages

Figuring out how to embed and live-edit google docs within a Miro board was challenging. I haven't been able to figure out how to create an outline around a text box. I wish I could do more formatting of text within a shape (e.g. having it left-justified but not right up against the edge of the shape, adding bullets or numbers, etc.). In other words, add text-box capabilities to text within shapes.

There is limited access to features especially when i use it on a web browser. Bluejeans meetings require minimum training to get started with. It is very easy and fast to implement and get running.

Expanded AI Capabilities. Enhanced Mobile Experience for Agents. Multi-language Support. Enhanced Workflow Automation. Advanced Reporting Customization

Better Integration with Trello. More guest passes per £

sometimes the UI doesn't make sense - talking about the scroll wheel not zooming anymore. it can be difficult sometimes to find boards. updates are constant - could use less revs. adding temp users and making sure they are deleted is cumbersome. sometimes the app works worse than just using the browser version

No Simple Recurring Task Feature. Bulk Editing. Template Management

Install for fat client. ease of use. better dashboards

Migration Tools - Uses Third Party software to implement. Lack of third-party backup tools that are industry standard. Reduce the friction from migrating from Vmware to Scale

Sometimes hard to find reports needed. Time clock issues with the web kiosk

We don't have a lot of cons to report, the only one would be that it could take some time to be fully efficient on the platform (due to a lot of functionalities)

Could have more training modules, maybe based on industry type. Fix the Pop-up blocker issues. Causes alot of headache when rolling out training campaigns. Allow for more branded training modules or allow upload of company specific training videos

It's sometimes hard to get the native link to a user's post, especially if it's hidden. The button to hide posts will sometimes come up with an error multiple times (on the same post) before working

Customize dashboards and webapp. More help to integrate the product. more detailed reports about fraud events

On the fly DB Vertical Scaling could be useful. Connection Display & stats can be present to see and improve app design. Could have inbuilt service for troubleshooting, locks, slow queries.

different colors

Have more customization in groups on a board (Allow dates in one group, but can delete them off another). Have more customizations of project timelines (some projects only have 3 steps while others have 6, it would be nice to show that in a timeline format easily). Personally, I have all email notifications on but I do not receive emails when I am added to a new project.

streamline the HUD. Colour ranges could be improved upon. accessibility

Search more than 20 column on a board. Retain activity log when converting to/from items/subitems

More Documentations needed. Aggregations. Expensive

Customization could be worked upon. User interface could be more ergonomic. Service downtime could be lesser

currently i do not have anything that has become an issue

More field specific templates (UXR)

Onboarding not integrated well. Recruiting solutions are a mix bag

GUI could have been better. An addition of email program into its suite would be great.

Reporting and cross-board use of formula columns. More detailed / more functional automations. Allowing filters on mirrored columns

Ease of use. Pricing. Flexibility

A way to set up an automated email message to the person submitting the questionnaire including date and time of submission to confirm they submitted the intake form.

customization should be minimalized

Customer Service- Sometimes you get a representative that is not as knowledgeable and may give incorrect information. System Glitches- Things will reset in the system and there is no explanation as to why. Accrual PTO System- These can be incredibly hard to set up with this system. Turnaround Time for Resolution of a Tech Issue- It can sometimes take the support teams 3-4 weeks to resolve a tech issue.

Integration of auto-update or upgrading.

Industry Classification. Phone number verification. Support ticketing

Easy configuration and to understand the audit rule. More on UI, like drag drop, move and automatically account assignments and clear explanations on exceptions and provide clear direction. Improvement on Reporting UI, much more robust and make sense reports etc.

Ability to make application questions dynamic. Ability to make paragraphs into tokens for the offer letters. Better reporting

The gmail integration can still be a little wonky, but it's made vast improvements!

Can be slow when opening and closing individual invoices. Invoices randomly get hung up in the workflow sometimes

AI. Receipt tracking. Pre stay hotel deposits

I would like to see a better layout on the homepage.

It's some complicated to ensure installation on android devices. The user interface is not so intuitive. Lack of integration to other systems, such as Active Directory

The thing that annoys me the most is I don't think it's very easy to do comparative periods. For example, when we're looking at year over year by all of these different metrics, such as when we're looking at device type, marketing channel, you're digging into it. A lot of times we want to look at year over year, how year over year compared to the prior week. It takes a lot of finagling sometimes to get it to work out the way you want it to with the time periods in comparisons.

The compensation plans are complex but can produce unexpected errors if not set up properly. Clawbacks are a little clunky to manage, and lack some transparency

Im a user but it's my technician so i can't tell you about that.

Allowing for the editing. Allow editing on the drive line. Provide upfront, published pricing

Simpler sharing controls. Use external audio in boards. More Agile templates

BOM details. I wish it had Line Item #s. Some forms can be easily modified, but others are fixed or limited. Back to BOMs. The ability to move lines would be helpful also.

Cost. Complexity

need to add code format. MacBook app doesn't work as good. Need option pool tasks from public board to personal board

It doesn't have an area where you can view the cluster's resource consumption over time, only the current consumption. It does not have integration with the leading backup players in the market, requiring the installation of agents on individual VMs.

As of now, mess is there in toggling. Very early versions have direct and simple ways. Need to reduce complexity in formulating tables. Need to give a simple way to select fields instead of going through whole process

action sequences. update knowledge items My Topdesk. scripting

Understanding all the widgets/templates that are out there and usage of them. Ability to convert blocks. There is the ability to convert templates, but converting blocktypes would be nice.

Rolling out functionality that is not fully built out. Customer support for tickets. In my experience, the modules aren't all consistent since they were different platforms bought by SAP and plugged into the SAP SuccessFactors experience (i.e. learning and onboarding)

More free integrations

It constantly asks me to login, it never remembers my details (SSO). It can get really slow if theres a big group of you in there. The file search function is frustrating as it truncates filenames on dropdown making it hard to find certain versions of documents.

Solution admin scheduling scripts need improvement, import and export processes for information and policies could be better. Interface and cluster environments could be improved in the future as they are using agent oriented interface. A complete Linux version instead of relying on Microsoft for management

Instructions on paying staff via ACH

The QLE button is hidden. After enrolling there's a loading screen that it's not clear if you can exit or must watch

Time between contract signature and receiving the first batch of leads. Pacing of lead deliveries

A more extensive library of templates. Monthly webinars

The arbitrary limit of 5 scheduled posts is very frustrating. This limit used to be higher and it seems they lowered it just to get more money. Limit on number of accounts that can be hooked up on the free platform. Sometimes the stream moves very quickly and there is no way that I have found to halt it so that I can read something before it scrolls off.. this is mostly for my Home Twitter stream that tracks posts by those I follow

Reporting - Templates. Managing Dashboard. Connecting to other systems

I wish there was a presentation mode similar to prezi where I can set up the Miro to be sort of like a presentation where I can click a button and it takes us to the next section of the board. This is different from the recording video function that Miro already has. Better images that I can download from the internet. Videos on how to best use templates

Public KB and release management pages for customers. More advanced SSO with other parties. More modern UI

While you can access an account manager at any time and they are helpful, it would be nice to speak to your dedicated account manager on a regular basis. EDI feeds for 3rd party integrations take an extremely long time to set up. 6-8 weeks to be assigned an EDI specialist which is entirely too long. Would love to see a Retirement Services section just like Benefits, HR & Payroll, and Time & Labor

Interactivity - maybe a notification when things are stuck. Sudden downtime for uploading images/documents is kind of a bummer.

Ease of allocation partners to Lines of Business. Ease of organizing reports based on Line of Business. Editing reports to reorganize lines of business or partners

making recommendations specific to our account. having a account manager. if content is an email is accidentally deleted, there's no backup or way to get it back. host in person workshops to help brands per category drive more revenue

Training. Easy of use for non technical users. Dashboarding

There are still some integrations and/or features that I believe are not at a maximum yet to support marketing teams, such as previews of content calendars.

More clarity around our usage (event) data - it can be difficult to understand all the terminology ChurnZero uses. Add more functionality for use cases of Operations teams - currently focused mainly on CSM usage. Ability to set defaults when viewing dashboards and command center - currently all choices reset

Accessing and storing completed projects

PDFs are not always presented fast on the App. It's not Hebrew friendly, and jump to left to right.. The price is high

More documentation needed, more examples. Search could be improved. Tasks app is rather slow

Lower price for smaller organizations, its great but can be costly. Sometimes customer support can be slow, especially when you ask questions around election season. Nothing else really

At times it's server is down so the changes pushed are not reflected at the same time. It should be faster and quick and changes should be visible at the same time

dobe implementation has always been a challenge. the tool takes lot of time to run the data

No way of searching applicants resumes to bring up the most qualified. I have suggested that employers should be able to apply a boolean search string to the hundreds that apply, so they can narrow down & follow up with those who have the required skills. Without this, it is not practical to go through the time-consuming effort to notify rejected candidates. That frustrates candidates who never hear back, and employers who cannot click on and review the excessive number of folks who apply. Bad for everyone. They do a terrible job in screening vendors who misuse the site and post fake resumes, duplicated under many names and locations. I have been reporting them for years, but those profiles remain. Applicant dashboard does not list even the most basic information like their current job title, city is hit or miss, years of experience, if they can work on W-2, if they are willing to relocate, or what type of work authorization/ visa they need to work under. With only supplying the name, it is not enough information to decide who is worth clicking on to review or pursue. The database search function does not allow selecting those who are applying themselves vs. those who are posted by some third party vendor. This is very important to know when you are emailing them vs. someone else. Indeed.com has the potential to be a world-class job board to employers and job seekers, but is not making improvements/ tweaks in the most vital areas, and instead offers new features that are far less critical.

Phone app could be better

add more categories to the task. Use more colors and patterns in the display. Always keep updating the services.

Cost. Difficult transfer of data from Windows environments. Large learning curve.

column with unique numbering at the user's discretion (internal process number that cannot be repeated). links with automated frames

Quality of swag products vary

Customer Service is not 24 hours-this is problematic on holiday weekends as unless it's a full system crash, you would have to wait a couple of days for a response to a help ticket. Building custom certificates is a little more complicated then we would have liked, but they were very helpful in assisting and in the end created them for us so it's a win! (They have easy to implement templates, but more involved if you want to integrate a certificate you already have)

Downtime can be reduced whenever scaling operation is done. In my opinion, Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) is costly. I think improvements to monitoring and logs is a must

So the first con is that the experimentation reporting is sort of lacking, right? So it's just the very standard significance calculation, but you don't get to do the same thing for segments. So if you segment it, you will also segment the amount of users that entered that data. So we want to know actually from all of those, okay, what does this segment do? Not just reduce the whole result to that segment. The second one is that it's very complicated to implement custom tracking for each experiment. If you need that, you need to go back to the tag manager convince someone in there to put your tag and approve it and launch it. So customizability is a blessing and a curse.

Max file size import requirements. Exporting click data

I would like to see more Javascript Examples. I would to see no-cost video tutorials from Quickbase. I wish it did not open a new Web page everytime you select something.

More 'roomier' or intuitive UI - there are lots of features and they can be hard to find at first. Have more onboarding/training videos for folks new to ClickUp since not everyone is a power user. Release ClickUp 3.0 sooner!

can't think of anything major. sometimes it confuses my co. account ID's with phone numbers, but we have a work-around.

Show the model performance of train dataset. Do not limit up to five features only when downloading predictions

Self-service functions like pulling reporting for ourselves instead of opening a ticket. Auto suggest could be improved. Customer struggle with specific SKU search ability. Especially if the number has dashes in it.

Countries maps does not work in emojii. Create and save custom templates. Lock multiple objects in single click

Governance support for large organizations. Non transparent pricing (business and enterprise accounts). Lack of use reports (getting reports on how much of your contract you've used)

The Workforce Management area ("My Team") needs to load in a separate window and isn't embedded into the normal experience. Default views never show the data I'm looking for, not easy or intuitive to create and save new default views. Always have to revert back to the hamburger menu to ultimately get where you want to go

Improve messaging capability. Have better voicemail messages

Reporting

Recruiter Dashboard - more user friendly. Report Center - more user friendly

Integration with other financial systems. Customization options. Speed of user interface functions

Simple to do lists. better automatization for due dates. more freedom in creating custom from scratch

Better spam call filtering. use of the app at cheaper price

Easier to handle SO repo's

Kanban boards are still very limited in options, it would be great to be able to create additional informations fields such as the priority , change the default status to our own workflow statuses ect. The IA functionality is not very use full as it doesn't understand the context of your workflows , it would be very interesting to be able to describe a context and instructions that the IA could follow to create a corresponding model (exemple workflow or diagram ) to reduce time for users. Graphs a still very limited , it could be great to include more charts and be able to link them with some compatible templates , such as the KANBAN template.

Scheduling meetings with outside customers - you need them as a contact to be able to search otherwise you need to have their email at the ready. Linking docs to O365 or other repository apps - sometimes the docs are locked or only able to share to certain people. Just need to be easier. Contacts - doesn't seem to be a way to import from Outlook.

Smaller scale/volume processes. Exceptions based handling

Speed of Program. Document Search

as a veteran telephony administrator, I would like to be able to program feature keys without having to contact support. I would like to be able to rename stored WAV files from the administrator portal after they are uploaded. I would like for the phones to have the web interface feature activated by default when they come from the factory instead of having to turn that feature on manually. I would like to be able to adjust call flows from the visual graphic diagram by "drag&drop"

The UI is a little busy. The Outlook integration doesn't always work. Outlook calendar integration would be nice.

When submitting logs for troubleshooting, It would be nice if there was a better response time or a time frame provided for when we should expect a response.

It's not cheap - LogicMonitor is three times more expensive than our previous monitoring solution, and it gets more expensive every year. They run some risks with the SMB market with guaranteed rate hikes every year. LogicMonitor can be 'fussy' compared to other solutions. We have a dedicated architect who manages our deployment for us. I don't love the built-in analytics and reports, but we have other solutions for that.

Implementation is a serious time commitment. It was a lot of work, but totally worth it. Segmentation can be complicated (this is a pro and a con). Everything is customizable, but building segments can be tedious. Minor annoyances in software navigation have been improved greatly over the last few months!

Citation manager is a little clunky and has issues. The annotation interface could be expanded to include more note -taking features. Importing papers using the proxy manager can be a little iffy

It would be nice for changes made to an employee's timesheet to pull into an open payroll. When an employee is terminated during a pay period, that employee doesn't always pull into the next payroll (even though the are due wages).

Search tool isn’t very intuitive. Hard to turn off notification emails. Would like to filter email notifications

Young company. The UI could use a bit more work. Terminology needs to be simplified for end users.

Mass uploads for more items

Customised reports. interval level reporting - I find it hard to believe we cannot get a 15 min report. Weekly reporting is set to Sunday to Saturday, very American approach. There isn't scope to change this to Monday to Sunday and this should just be a simple fix.

Mainly understanding the full features available to completely use the platform. More dynamic approach to cloud capabilities. Pricing may be and as there are other products which comes integrated with cloud platforms for threat management

I think the "Lab" interface is a little confusing when you want to test your backups, but that's the only negative thing I've encountered. The user interface could use some updating. Cost, can be more affordable

Simplify the set up of the account. The time required by an it ameture is excessive. Reduce the cost of the per device subscription. Allow simplified device management

functionality for NoSQL databases (e.g. MongoDB). Database Backup/Restore/Copy. handle many sqls without a ; at the end (e.g. MsSQL). auto completion should not insert the table namen

In payroll, there are sometimes issues with calculating pay when people’s rates change mid-pay period. Would love to see an option to assist with building SQL or XML statements in the future (maybe co-pilot AI?). Would love an easy way to store pre-hire documents with candidates that syncs over to their HR profile when hired

We have faced challenges while its setup, as due to its complexity, this needs to be improved as initially we have limited It resources for set up and this can be faced by others too. It collects a lot of data which ultimately some time results in its low performance and also the performance of the App is decreases,. The user interface is little challenging , so there should be improvement by providing more step-by-step instructions.

Would prefer a few more color choices for the dashboard (like a color picker rather than just preset colors). Want ability to resize columns in Email Protection and System tabs. Want additional fields available to filter by for the Firewall rules (such as Message headers).

A better Nutanix integration.

I'd trust them to handle more user management

The reporting function is not intuitive and makes it a little difficult to get data. We have repeat courses year over year, but they can't be reused so we have to republish with different titles.

Subtasks. Automations - more details and explanations

CPI is sometimes harder to understand but once you do it is of great help for business strategy. Video content analysis could be improved but it is sufficient enough.

API connectors sometimes fails, and in my experience usually takes a while for assets to be uploaded/updated

Backups. The backups are powerful, but there aren't a ton of options. Backups. We have had issues with cloud backups at sites with lower bandwidth. Remote access. We've had to manually uninstall and reinstall teamviewer before, but its very rare.

When you're in design categories and you're adding a term or searching a term, there's this little area on the right-hand side, a skinny little area. I don't understand why that area can't be larger or more it's just a little box where you have the very important terms and a little box for important and a little box for avoid, but then the entire bottom of that column on the right-hand side is blank. So I always thought, can we somehow just make that little section a little longer to fill the page and perhaps allow us to have the feature to be able to alphabetize those terms in there. To be honest, in some categories that we're trying to build, such as I say Covid or ID cards, which is a huge one, there are so many different parameters we have to add in to exclude those conversations about let's say with covid conversations that were just educational or IVRs automated messages. And there are so many different ways. There are so many different things that we have to do to avoid those conversations that we're not looking for. We're not looking for educational conversations that looking for internal conversations. We're not looking for training classes. Everything is recorded. But sometimes you have so many different terms and so much logic in that little area. You're scrolling and scrolling and scrolling and scrolling, I'm being honest, it would be so beneficial if we could please whoever's listening. If we could make that area on the right, extend it a little, and just give us the ability to alphabetize it. That's it. I don't know how difficult that is. I'm sorry I'm not in it, but if that's possible, I'd really appreciate it. That is the biggest thing that I could say that I deal with on a daily basis is that little freaky box on the right. What we do is sometimes there are such large categories that we have to keep on stopping and then of course you save, but then we have to get out, export the terms, and export it into an Excel file. So then I can alphabetize it and then look at it and then go, oh man, I missed this one. And then go back in, do it all again, and then export again. That process of constantly having to export the terms and then alphabetize, not that it's difficult, it clearly is not, it's just time-consuming. It's repetitive and it's a little irritating when you're working on so many different categories at the same time. And the thing is, we're a very small team. Blue, like I said, we are somewhat new to speech analytics and I've taken everything. Speech analytics and I've absorbed it. I love it. But being a small team, I utilize the time of the team as efficiently as possible because we're small. And if you really look at how many times we have to do that and stop and export and stop and export and stop, we'd probably save a lot of time. If we could somehow enhance that feature, it would be lovely. That would be a great addition and that would be fantastic. I tried to add it to the suggestion in the RIN Connect, but I didn't get enough votes. I don't think everyone looks at it because there are so many users of Verint. I didn't truly know how large Verint was and how many different industries were utilizing Verint technology. I really wasn't aware until I came here. Just give us the ability to alphabetize it and just make it a little bigger so we can actually see what we're doing. Once you put the terms in there, it's like in font five and it's a little bitty box. That's a great suggestion.

While Notepad++ is functional, its user interface might benefit from a more modern and intuitive design. Notepad++ has performance issue when processing huge excel files. Notepad++ doesn't have integrated debugging capabilities. Enhancing the search and replace functionality with more advanced features, such as regular expression testing and batch replacements, would be beneficial for users dealing with complex text manipulation tasks.

Tactical and Strategic forecasts using one run forecast. Data marts. Flexible scheduling rules with some automation of schedules

Personalized color choices beyond the available color pallete. Explanation of column types for less inclined users that occur right within the app. Granular privacy controls in Pro, rather than being exclusive to Enterprise

No defect at all the features are fantastic and they work as required

Flash memory size. Boot time. Faster response when processing invalid command

Scheduling. Knowledge Base. Server update frequency

Third party marketplace integrations. Better support for all ecommerce product types. Improved onboarding documentation

Can be extremely complex to implement, especially if you have a variety of different platform stacks. Learning curve for setting up/understanding dashboards/output. Complex pricing model for certain applications.

Licensing. A lot of times the licensing is complex and to get certain things provisioned takes a little bit longer than it probably could.

use on demand. chat support online 24/7

Customer Service. Problem solving takes too long. Dedicated service rep never answers calls. Salesperson could care less

Early on, I had small difficulty with the interface

Web-based sharing with non-users

Better contact info for LATAM

Needed authority (power of attorney) to file Illinois Filings.

Support on the end of life lifecycle of known open source components that are going end of life, or already went end of life. Support for emerging infrastructure as code frameworks. Support for native/ default retention, archiving and clean up policies for hosted repositories

I'd like to see some survey tools integrated into the platform so that our campaigns can track user feedback (and whether they started/completed a survey) was captured in the system. While the landing pages and email templates are easy to use, it would be nice if the setup was the same on both. On one, you have to double-click to add new elements; on the other you have to drag-and-drop. It's not a big deal, as you get used to it very quickly, but it would be good if it was consistent.

Missing feature to allow administrators to set default values for hiding/showing columns in cost source data processing. When users set global filters, they are cached and always automatically applied when after they log out and when they log in again. This cause several new users to complain about missing data sets. If you keep this as a feature, have a warning at the top when users log in again to remind them of the global filter setting will be helpful. Ability to handle high volumes of data (in multiple millions of rows each month)

The new search experience has not been great so far. Many glitches and it truly makes it much more difficult to use.

It would be nice to be able to add a new board as a tab/subset rather than having to open an entirely new board. More customization of permissions of boards. Would be nice to set board to default to private. Permissions box/links similar to Google docs would be nice too

Provide better pricing

With us just now really implementing it in different areas, I can't really say that it hasn't done a lot of what we need to do because there's a lot we can't do as a government site and Avaya goes above and beyond what we are allowed to do. So I can't really say there's a need for an improvement in any area I can see right now.

Pricing: Miro does provide a free version, but it's worth noting that some of the more advanced features are exclusively accessible through the paid plans. This could potentially pose a challenge for smaller teams or individual users who may find the cost less affordable. Documentation: Sometimes it's difficult to understand the available features due to so many available features. UI/UX: Miro can make some more improvements to make the platform more beginner-friendly.

as per now what i need it i found

Adherence to Canadian privacy legislation. Integration with Microsoft Office products. Improved ability to map workflows like what Visio is capable of

So this product has room for improvement in features. Some of the features it has, in fact, we are in the process of upgrading the software of it. And then we're up in the process of upgrading the software on the 911 feature to give that exact location to the PSAP, the 911 center. Some of the other room areas for improvement would be on some of the telephony features and it would take time to go into specifics.

Although Amazon RDS offers a variety of pricing options, controlling expenses might be difficult. Users can discover that costs increase as their database storage and computing requirements increase. Monitoring resource usage is essential to prevent unforeseen costs. It's possible that RDS won't always support a specific database engine's most recent version right away. Users who demand the most recent features and enhancements might have to wait until AWS adds support for future versions, which can be a restriction. It might be challenging to move your database to a different platform once you start utilizing Amazon RDS. This is due to the fact that Amazon RDS makes use of exclusive data management software and formats.

more templates for more situations. more webinars and tutorials that are situational

I often think it would be useful to be able to make your automation completely from scratch.

Expand the reporting features. If something isn't rendering correctly in one of the ESPs, recommending a solution to what needs to be fixed.

AI implementation. ML support. Affordability

A way to automatically assign tickets to a back-up practitioner during holidays

I don't see any problem with it. Maybe the managers may see some problem with it, but personally, I cannot find any problem with BIG-IP.

Custom invoicing integration. Project deadline tracking

Local jurisdiction exemption certificates. Avalara online university classes are not interactive and do not provide for practice applications.

fixing technical issues timely

Success Plans are good, but I think there can be some upgrades made that can make them more interoperable with other functions/workflows we establish within Gainsight. Reports/Dashboards are good and comprehensive, but some UI enhancements can be made that will fall in line with other reporting tools out there

One would be to remove branding when exporting. Easier steps for creating automations. Display option when first opening monday.com to easily be able to see favorites, boards ,etc.

There can only be a handful of touchpoints so your funnel can't and be more creative in order to adapt to the ever changing business needs. In my experience, customer service takes a bit of time to answer. In my opinion, the website is very old-school, not in a very engaging way. A better design with go a long way.

User interface. As it is very complex for beginners. Pricing. Smaller businesses can't benefit from this as the price is very high.

Sometimes the connectors can act funny for some reason. I’d like some more templates please!. More pages in the freemium version would be great too.

Reporting. Managing a multitude of software licenses. more flexibility in on call

Work assignment screen are sometimes difficult to work with. Benefit module could be improved

More automation options please :). Better links with Trello. An API with Qwilr (sales proposal software) too please :)

has habit of "improving" features no desired. ignores requests for needed improvements

We do wish that recurring items could come in with comments already.

I can’t think of anything that would need improvement

Sometimes felt oversimplified for simple tasks. I wish it had multiple views/templates depending on project size/complexity

update feed traveling from board to board. Dragged attachments appearing at the TOP of emails as opposed to the bottom.

More color coding options

Inventory. Group Policy

Too many e-mail reminders. I refer to my "starred" tasks, because my default "to-do" list is a cluttered mess. We attach a lot of pdf and image files. The mark-up/commenting feature is useful, but kind of clunky

Our organization has a need for employee having dual employment. The concurrent employment process could use improvement.

Reporting. HubSpot integration. Contact data acquisition

Recruiting. Career site. Platform

Coordination with shipping companies to communicate actual arrival dates.

Real time call monitoring. User interface when running reports

Success Snapshots - Not Easy to use. Horizon Analytics Rules Engine - Bionic still proves to be better. In Line Report Editing - Only allowed on the home page and in 1 report type on the Company object.

Patch progress window. Reporting. Patch staging\delivery optimization but not only limited to 2019 servers. Update Automox agents on Windows\Linux servers from the Automox admin console. Time syncing issues between what the server is reporting and the Automox console. Policy to force a server reboot regardless if the server is missing a patch that required a reboot or not

Unity (CDC needs a lot of improvement). Ecosystem. Procedure programming language (very poor). Functions programming language (very poor). Space management needs improvement. BAR should be part of main solution and not an "extra" feature (as Oracle). Native data masking feature (Oracle has "data redaction"). Teradata Vantage should have "Synonym" feature

GUI display. Ease of use. Learning curve

Price. Logging for failed backups

The CMS we are using earlier, I feel more comfortable the AM now, but pointing out counts I'm really not getting anything into mind right now.

Subitems. Links between items. Scheduling. Inventory management

LPM. WPAR. Python Compatibility

Flexibility in the structure of each collection, we could use the ability to have more or less folders depending on the nature of the information for each department. The ability to archive a collection would be amazing!. The ability to export data for historical reference before deleting a collection.

Numerical graphics can be enriched. Should allow different character sizes for a tile. Color canvas should be more useful

Searching can be done in multiple places with different behaviors, so it's sometimes confusing. The merge request changes tab could have more info, like git history on some lines, highlighting partial changes in a single line, to replicate more closely what someone would see in an IDE

Steps to download data. Uploading contacts and fields involved should be easy. The support team should be available on calls as well.

It has reduced our bounce rate. it has increased our domain score

Training - Access to critical training is limited to Learning Hubs. Availability of training will help. Reporting. Admin Access - should be more secured

Runs slow sometimes. Is changing so often that it is difficult to ever become an expert on it. Isn't thorough enough.

Customer support. Cost of customer support

I'm new to this so I think possible virtual support might be helpful

Remote Backup and restore functionality. Managing stacks that have been manually created outside Portainer. Auto unused image deletion

Make due dates automatically add to my Google calendar. Change the "Write updates via email" to include the whole thread, not just the most recent message.

Turnaround time for queries. More support from agents

Dashboards have limited widgets. No ability to deleted metrics if they are created incorrectly. Access control not always easy to administer when using SAML and Roles.

Seeing what leads are newest can be an issue if I don't have the right filter clicked. emails need to be in a separate location from new leads. a way to send images would be great

UX. I use it for social media and the ux is awful I need something more visually appealing and accessible for photo and file management. Need more previews in ux and boards that let you see day by day items. integrate other applications to reduce going back and forth

Education. Computer. Learnings

Data update sometimes gets delayed. Old data gets unavailable to track performance. Template design is not that attractive

Nothing really! It suits my working style

Overwhelming amount of features. Sharing can be tricky for non-technical users. The text features can be lackluster

snmp status. doesn't always update when equipment is changed. discovery of certain equipment. ie. Brocade and HP. alarm suppression for certain groups instead of across the board

It's not the platform but it'd be nice to have our rep recommend features that would fit in our budget. It'd also be nice to have a review of our setup to see how we could improve

I hope customer and agent first strategy can be used simultaneously in one CBA server

Adding scheduling for other platforms (like Threads!). Organizing for additional clients (which I know is on the way!)

File Manipulation After Processing. Built-in Error Reporting. Versioning

Absence of variable-based updates for S3 secret keys and Snowflake passwords (due to password rotation policies). Password rotation policy. Cannot handle more than 10000 records at a time.

Lower the costs. Lack of Support for all Linux and older versions too

Rather than deleting a transaction which is very hard to see in audit. Would like to be able to void the transaction so we can see when it was first entered and then voided. Would not want employees or managers to see or be able to void transactions. Manage data better views. Bundling cert renewals.

grouping licences at the same place not ESS and passport advantage. having Tivoli backup working with Power I

When i use Bluejeans Meetings on a web browser, there is limited access to features. Another challenge is that it does not support multiple languages. The sound quality and video quality is very nice.

Opening transactions that have already been posted. MIP Cloud has lots of glitches that make it frustrating to use

Some of the share link prompts and UI were confusing, but I reached out to Darren and we were able to quickly resolve. Depending on where we placed the demo, we had to adjust the Zoom number, and add in some custom code for it to work properly on our existing WordPress site

Linking the same tags on different boards

Direct Message for the users. Optimize the platform for faster load times, especially for large projects and data sets. Ensure smooth performance, even with a high number of concurrent users.

I would appreciate more options in terms of intent targeting. Better performance of the TrustRadius for Vendors form on our profile. Some minor login issues with the review quotes Chrome extension

Customization Complexity

more dashboards is needed.

More simplified platform for less advanced users

Adding functionality to leave notes regarding a vendor in whole. Merging documents. Application can run slow at times.

On-Demand vs Provisioned capacity costs. No relational support. Limited query options

Personalizing cards with format and colors

Work assignment history/CYT. People Search Functionality. Multiple field selections in data and analytics

Switch between legacy and new vendor

Like to see demographic data information from other repositories incorporated into federated query plans

Customization of Email Notifications. Learning Curve for Complex Features. Advanced Formatting in Descriptions

Reporting- the reports I am looking for are never there, I have to run through PowerBi to get reports of things I actually need. I think there should be a way to send an email with every person who has not completed a required training to a higher power for non compliance issues

More contents on developers secure code training needed

More interactivity in the presented graph is possible. Clarity while enhancing fundamental capabilities.

I’d like to see other features integrated to make Wrike more of an all-in-one app, like workbooks/spreadsheets/database tables, etc. I don’t completely understand how to create reports showing project data. I’d like to have a more customizable interface where I only see the items I need and use and nothing extra

Sometimes key word search could be better. Sometimes it recommends other Gurus not related to the issue. I would like to see an app

GCP compatibility. French support. Some dark feature not documented

The interface has many views that all look the same, except that functionalities are different. This makes it incredibly difficult to find the action you want to take. Built-in exclusion sets are missing a number of notable Anti-Malware products and must be manually implemented. High learning curve due to complexity of the solution and the range of features it contains. Provided documentation is hidden in a small icon at the top of the page which is often off-screen when needed. Color choices lead to panic situations during deployment. 1 questionable file could lead to the main display showing a large, bright red alert which makes customers think their whole environment is compromised.

Mobile app. Ability to send files via SMS and improve quality of pictures. Ability to block unwanted/spam calls and texts. Make sending and receiving faxes less complicated

I think the only complaint is about the UI/UX aspect of Marketo. We are training non-technical and non-marketer users to use Marketo, and typically you would have a marketing operations team who's running those campaigns, but we have the email marketers themselves running them. So we have had a couple of complaints that it's not intuitive to navigate within the platform. That's something I would like to see a major improvement on is just to modernize the platform a little bit.

It would be helpful if the app informed you that you had replies

mobile app invoice approvals. contract effective date needs to be able to be invoiced after

Cost. Compatibility. Cost Scalability.

Initial Configuration. Backup and Restore Method needs to be changed

Training tracking. Integration with outside vendors

Things look great from my end. Places on the left of the data strip to grab and move, when data is too long for the grab tool to access easily. nothing else I can think of.

Workflow for setting up campaign unnecessarily technical. There seems to be a lot of unnecessary clicks. Could be simplified.

Project task listing. Folder structure. Task execution space

Easier to understand how to implement changes. Structure is too complicated and needs to be redone, maybe using AI or questions to implement changes would be better than the user figureing it out on their own

Cannot edit the text of the contracts in the Contract Management module just like we were editing it in MS Word. Accounts Payable is out of scope. The Supplier Management module is "just okay". Acquirell team should develop features

Further simplify automations

When opening an item, a window pops out on the right, it would be handy if you could move easily to the next item within that window (add a "next/previous" button for example)

easier ability to pull camera footage. have a report that shows what edits have not been accepted. descriptions of maintenance alert codes

I'm not sure really. It's pretty good. No suggestions.

The user interface could be more intuitive, making it easier for non-technical team members to navigate and utilize its full potential. More flexibility in customizing workflows and reports to align with specific SEO processes and client needs would be beneficial. Enhanced mobile accessibility would allow team members to manage tasks and access data on the go.

The record limit, while usually accessible on-screen, moves around based on what the current view is or is not there at all sometimes. Pressing the STOP button on a query does not immediately stop the query. Updates, while always welcome, sometimes seem to come with too much frequency

Overall, I have no complaints. I would like to be able to customize automations for specific things

Some improvements on documentation would be helpful. The ability to use keyboard shortcuts is severely lacking.

We have struggled with slow load times due to the complexity of our set up but are working with Prophix to resolve this.

Some of our people sometimes have issues finding exactly where something is held. There is certain reporting that I wish was available

Notifications are a little confusing to new users. Time tracking options. Dashboard needs to have more than 20 boards.

I think Reservation management is very barebones

I would like to see a setting to limit the bandwidth to a maximum amount for backups.

Under my library show the lists we made first

a bigger free quota would be nice 10-15 pages

Make it easier to implement user portal. SSO portal access

Process Insights

Improving people analytics access. Make it easier to locate KB Articles

Automatically close tickets for outbound calls

integration with search engine. night mode. customizable plug in

I would like to the forum have more update documentation. Documentation with more example and code snippets

Although Experro provides easy customization capabilities, their built-in frontend template options are somewhat limited. The visual editor helps us build quite a lot of components. We are in talks with their team, and they are planning to increase the options soon. The number of theme templates available are a bit less. However, if they could add more, it would be lovely to have a few more choices.

Manager portal vs. user portal. Highlighting which apps are available through SSO

Table indexing could be done from code level based on Tenancy modle. API data/Jason data could be stored as graphQL doing

Customer service model is difficult when you are seeking assistance on complex or unique on ongoing issues. You can set up meetings or interact with the same person regularly

Google Calendar integration could have more functionality including time range, more detailed info in the description of the integrated event, etc. Further tiering of sub-items into sub-sub-items (and further if possible) to create a more varied task management interface. Clearer distinction between conversations in updates. Multiple conversations with multiple replies can become cumbersome to parse through. Perhaps a search function isolated to updates of particular items.

I would like to be able to create sub-tasks for my sub-tasks - this would allow me to get even more granular with assignments and additional deliverables.

A 'Dark mode' would be useful to combat eye strain. Automations are sometimes slow to happen

Ensuring verifiers validate the knowledge. Finding a sync between other knowledge management tools and Guru. Knowledge analytics that is becoming more complex and difficult to use.

I cannot think of anything to put here.

the reporting tool is complicated to use. sometimes the macros are not correcty triggered and it requires a deep troubleshooting to have them fixed

I would like to see orchestrator added to the base purchase.

Ability to change the format on one board so that not all columns have to be the same

Explanations on menu for printers

I wish there were a few more fields that could be modified in automations.

I have not found an attendance tracker that works for me yet.

Could be easier to navigate for base employees. Number of reports can be a bit daunting at first. Employees occasionally have a hard time getting onto app and navigating it.

Sometimes I forget the left hand navigation bar is where I need to scroll to find things - without clicking on the extend icon. The expand tool in the navigation bar doesn't close if I open a different component in the list

Sometimes poor technical support. Search queries do not always go as planned. Asset management can seem somewhat disorganized at times

Help docs need updating

Easier candidate searching and matching in recruiting. Easier guides for APIs

As we have worked since one year,providing great customised & user friendly reports,no improvement we found. However Intacct can also add one more feature providing YOY TB for more financial ananlysis

I've been a Marketo user for over a year because of the exposure to various platforms. I do think a big improvement could be made in the area of the user experience on the back-end user. It's definitely something that seems like it's being stuck in the very early 2000s. And yes, it's a very powerful tool. It has a lot of different little pockets that you can definitely tap into and I understand there was an upgrade just recently. I actually feel a small thing like uploading an image right now, it's an extra click, which as a marketing user, you do want to always limit the click. So now within the newer experience, it seems like it makes more obstacles for me to actually jump into the simple thing like uploading the image. Before the update it was little bit more clunky and was more boxy, but it was quicker. So I feel like Marketo could definitely improve upon overall structure and the UX just for the user. It's very simplified, yet I feel like there's still lots of room for UX improvement and reporting. I think reporting would be another reason. It provided insights and you can kind of go and play with that, but I do think things could be done a little bit better.

Workflows and navigation. The UI can be counterintuitive. Project level scheduling and WBS integration across products (Portfolios to ProjectPlace). Views

Minimal components. More simple frameworks. easier process

Integration with Okta for SSO. Wish it didn't require the use of Active Directory for certain features. Lower the minimum user count for licensing

Improvements to Vishing. Improvements to custom Brand Management for templates. Improvements and more detail to Industry Comparability

Availability of iOS and mobile application. Robust backend integration capability. No-code to low code is needed to create custom applications.

minor tweaks when it comes to certain plan builds and limits

More granular control of permissions in the custom RBAC. quiescing I/O to Archival Location when pausing (instead of the pause causing all scheduled archive jobs to start canceling, which in turn generates tons of I/O). Direct support to Fibre Attached Tape Library

the ability to set default parameters at the user level instead of just corporate licence level

Wish it had better social listening features

The ability for admin users to delete and edit custom fields. Ability to have users have multiple direct reports (e.g.: for creating alerts in your domain). Ability to update contact level and account level information between each other (e.g.: if you select a contact as a SPOC on the account level, then it updates the user on the contact level).

Zoominfo University - I would appreciate a more one on one training over the course of the contract. Customer Relationship - I feel there is some inconsistency, I get a renewal message from 4 different people claiming to be my account manager - and yet I know none of them. No one has reached out to ensure my success with ZI over the course of the year.

Since the reduction in Staff, they are not as quick to respond. They need to implement into their platform a process around daily allowance for travelling employees. Vacation / sick-days could be managed a bit better

Better prices. Better licensing. More free training

"Send To" Contact Selection. Campaign Search Feature

Id like to see Storage Account protection included in Polaris. A clear indication of files that have been deleted in a time range would be handy when performing file-level restores. Automated backup validations would be a nice built-in feature, currently, this is a manual process for us.

Boards can become huge and overwhelming. Have a way to tag sections of the board. Smth like table of contents / breadcrumbs for a board for easier discoverability of topics/ items on a big board

Challangeing to integrated with the third party tools. High license cost. Need customized capability

The reps need more training on products. Dedicated representative needs to match the needs of the client and skill level

More visualisations in the dashboard like Power BI. LMS based system like Celonis and certifications. AI & ML functionalities

I would like to immediately edit the design and content of the email before deciding on a subject/ highlighted text. I would like to size images visually instead of typing in dimensions to a separate window. I want to use a pull tab to move the image around the screen. In the list of email campaigns I wish the list was accompanied by a visual of the email instead of just the internal title

Allow admin users to implement retention policies by line

Communications. Attention to detail

sometimes the lagging in Planview Portfolios. clearing out the utilization when deactivating an account. In my opinion, it is hard to go to the next section when zeroing out the utilization. an easier navigation to get to different sections.

End user ease of use to create business models

Paligo offers a comprehensive theme and style management editor, but you need to be a proficient user of CSS and associated to work this well. Access rights to content for normal users could be broadened.

Additional templates need to be introduced.

Gantt Chart Zoom. Export to PDF - For those times when you do actually need to export. Copy List Statuses from another List

Interface with SAP to give spend variances

Sometimes it asks to upload the CV in pdf format only which is irritating. The mobile version really sucks, need to do lots of work on that. Sometimes the search do not work and fails to find a candidate by Email or mobile number which already exists in the ATS. Customization can be given to the subusers also without extra charges.

in my opinion, project plan is not very intuitive. context search

For some setting, it is all or nothing. It would be nice if we were able to customize the setting a little more. Particularly when it comes to what is carried over from the candidates profile to onboarding. We need the SSN to carry over, but we do not want that to happen for our Canadian new hires. Not being able to do this has caused the SSN to wipe out a lot, meaning we have to retrigger the i-9 sometimes multiple times for the new hire. We have candidates complete part two of their application after they accept the offer. Currently, when they complete part two or make any update to their profile, we receive a notification that they took action. It would be nice if we could have a different notification just for when part two of the application is finished. ONB 2.0 took away some of the ability to have admins on the front end, such as resetting passwords. That was definitely needed and has caused more work for the HRIS team now that we need it to be completed on the backend. ONB 2.0 also took about the ability for us to change the start date in ONB after the new hire completed the paperwork. It was easier and more efficient for the admin to complete it verse again, needing to wait for our HRIS team.

Social media tracking could still be deeper (entire funnel journey - down to specific, customizable conversion goals). ROI tracking of high detail should be available in free trial so that one can map customer journey before investing further

workspace management. external viewers capabilities. more features on their line item

Better tutorials to help new users learn all the features. Feature to create repeat tasks. Board options to add groups for specific days/dates. Preset collum for days e.g. Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, etc. Option to turn off the confetti on status update collums (not always used for status updates so the confetti doesn't always make sense). Option to copy without "(copy)" automatically being added to the item.

more flexibility in automations

Java console and HTML5 Interfaces should be maintain and updated in the same way. Setup and deployment is complex. Patching product can be cumber-stone sometimes. Support for Europe can be improved

The storage tiering can be confusing to setup and maintain. The settings windows for this have not changed in years and seem outdated. An overhaul of the interface would be welcome.

Custom Reporting Objects like Percentages and the comparison of two reports.

We are new at this so learning all the issues.

Report generation

WYSIWYG element changes. This capability is buggy. It doesn’t select the right selector, we’ve been told to just grab it from the site in inspector mode. It’s hard to know what did you’re in and making changes. Sometimes it doesn’t stick. Data integration. It would be amazing to just have a repository of goals, events, etc. from our GA that we can just use in Optimizely. Better organization of our tests. Being able to bucket by campaign, launch dates, etc. would be great!

Platform integrations. System speed when working with large projects

Reporting. Peak articles. Tax depaertment

Clearer error messages when there are issues. Documentation could be fuller

its not always intuitive. would love a better way to make a weekly overview, like in an excel document

Some severe IOS bugs. EOL/EOS components. TAC support can be spotty at times

I feel like there should be an override option in payroll like an option to add additional taxes for a one time scenario

I understand that the timekeeping part could be more user-friendly and consistent, based on feedback form last year's summer employees. I will be checking it out myself this year. Because we farm in Michigan, OT pay is not required. I did not look closely enough to see that it was being paid, and we spent $750 unintentionally on OT. Would be great to have that as a question on the "onboarding" process.

Litmus could do a better job at onboarding users to their platform. I feel a lot of the features are unusable to me as a first-time user. I feel I would probably use a lot of the features if I was onboarded on how to use them. I also feel that Litmus expects users to be coding emails from scratch, whereas a lot of the time companies use Engineering Team or IT Personnel to code emails on behalf of email designers/email marketers/marketers in general and as a result I feel we should be provided with places to upskill, or provided some forum to troubleshoot your way through.

Offline Access: Enabling users to access critical knowledge even when offline would be beneficial, especially for support engineers working in remote or low-connectivity areas. Localization and Multilingual Support: Expanding support for multiple languages and localization features would be valuable for global teams. Improved Mobile Experience: While Guru has a mobile app, enhancing its functionality and performance on mobile devices could make it even more convenient for on-the-go usage.

The documents emailed out often end up in spam. Being able to see how well the text boxes are filled out

The visibility of who has completed but not fully signed. I love the dashboard but have to consistently scroll to get back to where I was looking and find interesting agreements to surface where we have not counter signed yet. More calculated fields that are custom to us

A bit more report functionality - we have a new email access training (like new-hire) that everyone is enrolled in if they have joined recently. If they fail the SAPA, they're put in a remediation group. I want to create a report that allows me to share who failed the test, and what they may have missed. Smart groups are a bit wonky sometimes, especially when dealing with the logic. If you set it one way, it should work that one way.

Enhanced user onboarding and training resources would benefit users in utilizing the platform's full potential. More flexibility in customization options for specific business needs would be valuable. Streamlining and simplifying the user interface could enhance overall user experience.

Improve search latency. Ability to export data using other apps. Ways to remove IP's when exporting data

Price can be little high but its a very advanced tool. Sometimes it can be hard to point out objects if many objects are close to each other. A bit heavy program, needs a good computer

Recommended cards could be better chosen.

Seems to be overloaded, hard to find the right path

Revalidation configuration. Pricing methods

I don't have any suggestions

It would be nice if it was easier to modify/ customize the fields shown when you select an item on your dashboard. I wish the dashboard refreshed automatically once an item was marked completed. Greater visibility over different time periods

We are having a slow GUI response issue right now that has been hard to pin down. Replication times need to be improved. When DBAs take a snap it takes a while for it to be replicated over so they can then pull from there for testing. Support turnover has been an issue. They've let some quality help go and it's hurt us and them.

I would like to see more frequent updates to contact profiles. I have found numerous contacts with outdated information. Reporting inaccuracies needs to be made easier. There are updates that cannot be reported because I don't know the new information that should replace the outdated information. Working with a team inside ZoomInfo is difficult. My team does not need to have the same contact information and we especially do not need to be charged for obtaining the same contact information as other members of our team. It would be great if there was a team function (other than public tags) where we could share contact pools and contribute to combined lists of prospects that have been exported. It would also be great if there was a way to list every contact that was exported by my team all in one place that we could then segment by tag or date. Sometimes intent data points to a location where ZoomInfo has no contacts. I would love to see org charts based on location. There are issues with tagging. I have created public tags that my team members cannot access. (This goes back to my team suggestion.). The events section needs more accurate and detailed information. We rely heavily on trade shows for networking. The trade shows listed contain very few actual exhibitors. For example, there is no information about the National Restaurant Association show which had over 35000 visitors and over 1500 exhibitors. The Natural Products EXPO West which had over 57000 visitors and over 2700 exhibitors. The SEMA show for 2023 isn't listed either and the SEMA show for 2022 lists only 178 exhibitors out of over 1500.

Easier training for new users

Improving the Communication when dealing with tax notices

Offline viewing

user interface and design. mobile experience

I have been truly happy with the motive experience. If there is something they could do better i havent come across it yet

Document generation, need more control on repeat tables to control formatting at line level.

system should identify inventory bin locations. system to give real time data/ auto refresh. accuracy of data, a few descrepancies have been picked

Tools to analyse performance of the calculated views at field level. Tools in showing the memory consumption at a HANA view point of view and not database level like in the planviz. Search tool to find fields or key words in filters, calculated columns, etc.

process modeler UI. support team seems less knowledgable on integration help

I think before deciding to purchase a plan, the user must make sure that Recoverit really helped restore the file. It is possible to make a preview window in which the user can see the layers that are displayed in the psd file (before downloading this file). If in the preview window it is clear that the file was indeed restored, only after that I think the user decides to purchase a subscription in order to download the corrected file

Sharing functionality with people who do not have Miro especially PMs not used to it. Export functionality could be improved. Allow to upload video as well so that would be helpful

Stability options for non-serverless routes

Long loading times. Buggy scrolling in the desktop app. Adding a new Element with Enter could be made easier

Service level. Better communication with changes. Service level has not been as good as the company grew and then through COVID but it is improving

how to prevent accidents of moving objects. versioning. faster time to load initially

Can de difficult to workout where the bottleneck in the backup process exists. Assigning credentials for guest processes can be tedious

UI in moving tasks to complete

Configuring the call center. Assigning licenses to agent dashboard etc should be a feature within setting up the user

Bank matching functionality is lacking in ability to auto-create bank transfers and standard journals. Only Deposit and Check record types allowed which is very limiting. A few quirks like after customizing an account detail, the date range fields seem to be editable but won't actually update on refresh. Occasional outages but usually resolved quickly

Ability to run on Linux would be nice

Speed of development. Vault - Repo inbuilt - IDE. Integration with others

Less generous. While using it wastes alot of time. Storing large data becomes very slow.

The "read aloud" function for accessibility in math doesn't seem to read the question but might say something like 'solve the problem'. The measurement tool that tells whether a student is guessing could be improved. The interface could use an easy "pause" button

may be join search. more depend on log if log not received in time. need professional train to use

Adding functionality. Communication

Integration between EC and ECP needs to improve. Duplicate data in multiple modules

Workflows. Visibility into credit usage (particularly around Workflows). Pricing

Customer Service

Sometime we faced issues related to caches. Not sure how that can be improved. The thing I like least about Talkdesk is the reporting section. We need many customized reports, and for some reason, we haven't really explored this section. We wish it could be simple to use like an API call.

It has to improve his dashboard; advance search should be on main dashboard. For adding new candidates, we have to go through from many pages, add that feature in main dashboard. To track our submissions, we have to click on 2 pages, make it on main dashboard.

Would love to be able to run reports on UNverified shifts

As with any platform, there are times when the program doesn't load quickly or has missing items on tasks that haven't been updated. If I mark a task as done on accident, it takes a lot of time to find it. An undo button would save me time and stress.

repetitive requirement mapping for particular type story might be time consuming. the 3rd party Automation tools are not necessarily supported as it may want you to use Tosca for automation with Tricentis qTest integration. licensing cost is high compared to other competitiors. Ui and navigation throughout is a bit counterintuitive or can be hectic

Less money. More support for free users. multiple sessions at once

Work a bit faster - sometimes it takes a few seconds longer than expected!

More automations

Reporting is lacking a simple one-page overview. Mobile app for checking status. One login for all Veeam apps - dashboard option.

I would like to see a little more customization with IF ANDs within Reporting, Rules, and Programs. I would like to see Data Designer become a little more user-friendly.

Report templates - All reports have to be built and without proper training they can be difficult to start. Forecast updates could be a bit more streamlined if you had better access to updating current financial versions.

HRIS sync

Licensing - In my experience, poor structure, unfair application of instances, and impossible to calculate what is needed. CIFS backup from snapshots. Greed - In my opinion, recent decisions have left customers alienated and angry

Database user management. Database restoration from backup. Encryption-at-rest of existing database. Reserved Instances, as compared to EC2

would love to see more audio meeting features. exchange online features..calendar sync

I would like to see ratings and reviews separated out - the ability to just see all ratings and all reviews.

There isn't anything that I can think of that I would say I dislike. It is so easy to use and my experience using it has been great. I love using it, especially with other programs TIBCO offers.

It has integration challanges. Data privacy and security during testing can be challenging. Neolaod is relatively expensive

Being able to customise new groups without changing all groups titles of information in a board.

Composability is good, but make it easier and more configurable

Organize the home page. Optimize the search bar. A better way to organize the liked articles.

They should have Powerpack for all different technolgies. The support system should be more robust. If there is any issue with powerpack they should release new version of Powerpack ASAP.

Integrated and unattended remote support has always been a pain point. Looking forward to when they will add this feature!. It would be nice to have some prebuilt workflows and scripts to easily select and use.

incorporating AI and automation. strengthening security and compliance features. offering more customization options. actively collecting and implementing user feedback and feature requests

API calls. JSON Normalization

comparisons of language in subsequent SEC filings.

Idle time is short, after 15 minutes you need logon again. Automatically save ticket information. A roadmap with timeline for changes. Year timeline. Overview with all types of tickets in 1 view

A template for meeting reports. When creating Forms - certain functions cannot be added - i.e. Persons

Sage Intacct does not round accurately. It rounds anything less than 0.5 up and more than 0.5 down. The general form is usually other way round. Would like to see this being changed. The help feature is not easy to understand. Would prefer having short videos or easy to understand explanations on a particular feature. The Report Writer is not straightforward. It is based on account groups. If a new account is created which is not in that range in the group, it will not pick up on the report. If there is an error on the financial statement formula, there is no way to tell if the statement is accurate or not by just looking at it at the high-level. You have to reconcile each line to the TB to ensure the entire statement is accurate.

Some features are only configurable by RingCentral MVP. Some features are locked behind premium licenses. Would like to be able to make changes to company numbers without a support call.

Wrike could update the home view. I find that it's confusing how it's laid out. Wrike could update the my to do screen. I think it's not laid out efficiently. Wrike could make the places of where files are stored better. I find that they're not in an optimal place.

App can be light in terms of loading content quickly. For less points somewhat more money can be bought compared to equal amount. Increase the number of shopping apps where redeem is possible

It was a bit difficult to find my insurance plan documents directly on the site.

User interface can be improved. Sync time can be improved. Restored options can be better with reversable option.

Can sometimes micromanage people. Every comment is looked at as “viewed” maybe provide this as an option

falls-positives

At times, the site is not very user-friendly. It can be confusing to navigate the site. The fees are a bit high for using for overseas calls outside of the US.

An option to allow wrap text

The only thing I would say is to add more audio tracks and SFX

Personalization. APP

Initial setup may be a little cumbersome

User Interface Complexity: Some users find the interface complex and not very intuitive. Simplifying the user interface and improving user experience design could make it more accessible, especially for new users. Customization Learning Curve: While the system is highly customizable, the process of configuring custom metadata, document types, and workflows can be challenging for administrators who are not experienced with the platform. Improving the customization process with user-friendly wizards or templates would be beneficial.

Streamlining different services into one such ask, call recording tool and Nextiva Business Phone Service portal together. Whatever can be done so that I do not have to constantly clear the Cache in Nextiva Business Phone Service Portal to gain access to my dashboard

Cost can be lower. Complexity of working with global tables. Schema design challenges

Loading Pages. Increased search function. Loading Reports

The forms functionality is old and very "windows-95" looking, would love to see this improved. Building performance reviews can be very "steppy," we would love to see you be able to do this in the flow of work. I would also love to see the ability to customize the look and feel of the custom page widgets more.

Would like to see the ability to create different columns for different groups on the same board

For businesses looking to improve their current business processes, I think SAP Signavio Process Transformation Suite is incredibly well-suited. In my opinion, SAP Signavio Process Transformation Suite excels in sectors with strict regulatory requirements. I think SAP Signavio Process Transformation Suite is the best option when teams from several departments must work together on process design or improvement initiatives because of its real-time collaboration capabilities.

We always have issues with the leaderboard in virtual conference manager not showing results in real-time (complaint from attendees). Doesn't always work with CRMs to transfer reg into virtual conference manager - has been an ongoing issue the IT team at ON24 can't figure out with our account

Teams private 1-1 chats are not supported. More comprehensive Rest API. Support for Graph Api

Viewing the scheduled reports would be nice. This would help redundant reports and be able to add or delete users receiving reports would be nice. Inactivity report for users so that we can isolate users that are not meeting the training requirements.

Workflow performance can be improved. Ability to retrieve SharePoint version history details. API support can be improved for other systems integration

It needs more omni points, which Avaya has addressed with the experience platform now. So that's its short form, but from a voice perspective, there's none like it.

Correction of a cash posting, would be better if the whole batch didn't have to be reversed. Asset module from Wipfli has had issues from the beginning and their support is difficult to work with. We purchased based upon our Sage Inacct implementation team's recommendation. Better matching on bank reconciliation imports would be beneficial.

SEO for PDFs (also making them more accessible). Allowing links easily embedded into digital sales rooms. More immediate automations - some of our automations take too long to work. Search capabilities - not only is the search bad there are no analytics for it.

Disaster recovery process - can take long. customization would be appreciated - currently there not a lot of options available but ease of use is positive there. setup can be hard - but once set it is good.

Simpler and much configurable alerts, sometimes it doesn't look too intuitive. It is very resource heavy and not that cost friendly. Data sampling could be better

Sometimes there is lag and latency when we have heavy date loads. Integration with certain APIs are not easy and always straighfroward. Automation is a bit limited.

Dynamic content being served. Different content for different regions. Allowing running some code before serving content

Due to split from FireEye Mandiant no longer can provide its own End Point Protection as part of MDR for customers that want to transition after incident is complete . Single remediation response with no-ongoing monitoring

Steep learning curve - not sure why all IBM docs avoid pictures in their help documentation. Instead, everything is painfully described in words. Use pictures. Use short videos. Templates for repeatable API configurations will help speed up adoption.

Developing simple grant budgets that align with each grant. Simplify budget development. Budget Worksheets are great but challenge to develop

Ability to reuse expense claim headers once an expense claim under that header has been submitted. Other than the comments above I think Webexpenses is pretty good

IoT area that sell to KORE. eSIM. Pricing

Boards talking to each other. A board that has the assets you need for that board and then the rest of the groups organize how the board/columns/rows are normally organized. I want to plan on this board and EXECUTE on another board and have people follow me so they can see where I'm at in the execution.

Adaptation with OS upgrade. Email notification. Easier account password reset.

continued communication after setup. Ideas on how to encourage staff usage

Planview PPM Pro does not fully support agile methodologies from a task and time tracking perspective. It is based on the notion of assigning specific resources to projects and tasks. For fully agile companies, we need to be able to create Teams, with specific roles assigned to each time and/or people assigned to teams, so we can assign the Team and estimate to the task and the data by role will associate. We logged an enhancement with Planview for this. The request and project data should be directly tied together, not via an association, so they can travel the kanban process together and simplify reporting. Timesheet alerts should be set by user type, not all or nothing

Native encryption support. Better C# integration

reporting integrations

Although it's easy to set up a general board quickly, it is difficult to control how you want to VIEW the board. I.e., re-arranging columns or setting the ability to view a summary of the ticket. I have a hard time being aware of all my mentions/notifications within Monday. I wish that it were easier to respond from Slack into a monday ticket. In fact, if all interactions could be completed through Slack that would make my life easier.

functionality for NoSQL databases (e.g. MongoDB).  Database Backup/Restore/Copy.  handle many sqls without a ; at the end (e.g. MsSQL).  auto completion should not insert the table namen

Time Tracking & Reporting. Creating Recurring Tasks based on days of the week

It would be great if we can create a post but can add in multiple posting dates on that one specific post. So then we don't have to make new posts or create duplicate posts each time.

lots of undeliverable emails. more follow up from reps - don't know what don't know etc - lots to learn

Billing the price is kind of high

Add CMS tools that perform simple tasks to prevent having to write custom code. Improve the interface when dealing the the find index

Some reports have glitches that I've submitted as issues but were never addressed. Accounts Receivable platform sometimes has issues with reversing and reposting entries. Budgets could be more user friendly when entering or making changes.

Reporting and Dashboards are customizable to certain extent. Pricing and all inclusive pricing and cost per user

Edit already existing cards. The lettering could be more clear (use of colors). think allowing some form of customization at the user level would be an added bonus.

Get the Opening Right. Make a Quick Judgment of the Candidate’s Interest. Use the Power of Technology

BI Reports could be more user friendly to build from scratch. Open Enrollment Reports could be more inclusive to include the past elections and new elections summary and if they were declined all together. UKG Case Management Notifications are not always sent out to users. Past OE Sessions need a closed button and should be able to make changes once closed.

Navigation between tasks, especially for complex projects can be improved. UX for basic/critical features can be counter intuitive for new users. Could use several general view modes (Basic, Express, Detail, Complete, etc.)

Reduce the amount of steps to make changes to multiple pages. SEO and Redirect Tools. User training tools Built in

Find clients (info) using one search instead of searching everything.

Implementation Process. Report Writer. Completion of Attached Internal Onboarding Documents. User Friendly, easy access for employees

Access customer instances to analyze data and suggest improvements more often. Reach out to customers on a regular basis to check on their pain points using BlackLine.

The number of connectors is cool enough, but increasing it would be great.

Cost can be decreased. Compatibility can be increased

Integrations. Understanding how data moves between other SAP products. Streamline system verbiage. Why is it a cost center in one system and an organization unit in another?. Communicate between SAP teams. If I have a question between EC and S4 Hana then I should be able to easily get people from both teams on the phone. Reporting, reporting, reporting. I just started User Stories but the old reporting was not great. People want reports emailed to them.

Cross filtering. Data Drill through. User Attribution assignable to user level

Stages of leads. setting tasks. number of clicks too high

unable to edit unique group of tasks, without affecting the rest

Large boards can be difficult to load. Sticky notes aren't always private - you can still see the author

Splitting videos in chapters. allowing searching in transcriptions

We face integration issues, sync errors will come this one can be improved. offline working option not available in Sage Intacct. For small organizations it's little expensive. Audit trial is not available in few windows it can be improved

The improvement in terms of blockchain native could be introduced. The Amazon RDS should have it's standalone client so that we don't need to download the specific software in our system when we want to use it from our desktop.

Reporting, I could use more robust reporting.

Search feature is not great. It either brings up many unrelated things but not what you're actually looking for, or the thing you're looking for is way at the bottom of the list. Heirarchy of how projects are organized is not very user friendly. It's too easy for a due date to get lost in the shuffle with how the current reminders work as a single daily email

Could make more friendly the testing tool for different browsers but in general great tool

Licensed users vs. guest access is a bit wonky. Currently we can't invite guests with our company domain email - monday.com makes them automatic licenses users.

Integration with acquired companies is rough. Explaination of product capability map to purchaseable items (intentially?) unclear

Microservices associated with processes. Ability to integrate with other APIs to centralize information in the intuitive ManageEngine Application Manager Dashboard. Any security feature that can be integrated or monitor the compliance or benchmark of our platform (Hypervisor, servers, virtual and physical)

Select by due dates

Finding some of the advanced features was cumberson if you didn't know how/where to look. Not as highly integrated as the main competition (MSFT)

I think maybe visually to have different skins for it, just to kind of add some additional flare company logo, you know, something that would make it more customized for your organization. Or even just stylizing, like if it's a Cinco de Mayo party, you a Mexican theme, stuff like that I think would be nice. But that's all just flare, functionality wise it's flawless.

When I'm creating my own templates, I can't always make it look how I want to look. It looks like it should be easy, but there are times when it isn't. The UI is way overwhelming. There's a lot of info. I think the UI should be designed to be more simplistic.

email option to send info

Searching for a template to use can be tricky, in finding the 'right wording' to use in my search. Not many change management templates, so it would be great if you partnered with Prosci to have their templates available to use.

More/better excel functionalities. Better helpdesk support. Visualisation (e.g. graphs, charts). Reporting layouts

I would love to have pictures of what the caller is seeing.

Integrations. Basics. Administrator experience

data campaign integration from ads manager

Ability to tweak projects without redoing them from scratch.

Visual area, preference to save visuals in fixed form frames/tabs. Data area, easy of importing new databases

more shorter videos. videos from the point of view of the attacker. more games

Some of the options for encryption and replication weren't very clear. I figured everything out, but it required me to delete and recreate some backups. It seems slow when backing up. Understanding that this is cloud data, I would hope for some method to optimize it so backups will be faster.

Adding in newer platforms (although I believe they do this quickly). The ability to edit videos in the backend would be awesome. A hashtag generator would be really great.

Our number one complaint with Conga CPQ has been speed. In my experience, Conga CPQ is extremely slow, especially for large orders. In my opinion, the configuration methods of Conga CPQ are outdated and error-prone. One literally puts configurations into string-based custom settings, including the API field names. This often leads to deployment issues and run-time configuration errors. In my experience, Conga CPQ is everything but simple to develop. You need things like a 12-step pricing callback to support custom pricing. In my experience, Conga CPQ support is not responsive. When it comes time to lock in a renewal contract for Conga CPQ, in my experience, they delay engagement, so you are truly behind the 8 ball when it comes time to decide if you are going to continue with Conga CPQ.

Search Engine is a bit rusty at times. A more organized layout and favorites section. Allow full screen expand to Guru cards.

Veeam One is a great product that can replace other mature monitoring applications and Veeam doesn't seem to promote it as much as they should. DR restores from cloud back to on-prem are not as automated as we would like them to be. It is cumbersome to have to bring back VMs from cloud manually. Progress bars and time estimators are not accurate. Many times we have processes that sit at 100% for a long time before they actually complete.

Offer someone that helps with setting up processes. Offer someone that can set up automations. Offer someone that works with clients at the first use

Better integration with ECP allows those with access to more easily view different payroll information without having to go directly into someone’s profiles. More optionality on the compensation module. All for more recurring wage types that sit on someone’s comp tile to be configured based on a percentage rather than a set amount

There was capped access on number of members based on price point which makes it harder for growing companies to use. Would like to see more customization options for public dashboards that can be shared and managed by multiple people. Make it easier to view details of a task that was created, this did not feel very user-friendly and felt like I had to go searching for these details

Permissions management. Site-wide theme and UI design. Data structure consistency, naming, field types. System rules and event triggers control

More flexibility and item connections with automizations. Intergation between CRMs

Managed Payroll UI could be improved. Employee record keeping functionalities could be more robust. Performance Management customization could be more robust

UI is not very intuitive, hard to find what is needed

Finance functionality within sub categories

can mapping the List box with some master that connect to some database (sheet). can have comparison sheet with one form an another form results

In my opinion, the interface feels dated in some areas. In my opinion, it's Slow to enter headless space and not many customer examples. Support challenges at times getting resolution to issues. In my experience, there have been some nasty bugs in recent releases

Access to specific features, like as the local path in serve, is restricted in RDS.

Price is a little high. We get a lot of email from them.

Difficult to change access to free files. Longer Text files. Find templates and use parts without loosing access to older boards

More UI Features. More customization of the UI

Onboarding. Qualtrics Integration. Coaching Module

Customer service. Functionality. Overall platform

Mapping Hospitals to the Health System Name/Business it owns. Export settings more accessible. Better notifications around new information added

I'd prefer the option for automations to be done without there being a notification about it in the updates section. (Ie, It sends an automated email--I don't really need everyone to see that happening in the updates.)

it is used in Jira integration and deploy it. it is used in navigation and automation tools areas. It is also used in field setting areas which is very helpful for new users

Data validation. Recruitment Platform. Self-Service Portal for Employees

Storage Allocation. Access limitation. Backup options. Cost. Broader application support. Performance improvements

I think there is always room for more templates. Sometimes it helps to have something that is directionally correct to start from. Easier way to toggle where you're receiving notifications. I feel like I'm frequently getting push notifications, slack notifications, and emails for the same things. Easier integration with Miro would be ace.

There are many redundancies in Paylocity tabs. You can get to one feature in multiple ways and that can be confusing sometimes. Overall design of Paylocity could use an update. Ease of access is questionable at times as the way things are formatted or listed can be misleading. Regarding cost centers, because there are so many places to update/change them, it's typical that we miss a cost center that needs to be checked because it's in a different area than where we typically delegate cost center selections.

Less knowledge sharing platform available. User interface should be improvise for better experience of end users. Needs to work on Costing

Catalog purchases in the mobile app. More global languages

Regrouping boards in a better manner (more adaptability towards the workspaces)

Kind of expensive and a lot of extras that require additional pay. Rather scary for the first time users, maybe you can improve the learning curve needed. Reports need to be easier to setup, maybe more starting templates

Definitely database management. When it comes to database management, not just me being a digital marketing specialist. I've been having challenges dealing with duplicates, merging duplicates, managing duplicates, and a lot of people coming in, personal emails, business emails, all of that. So database management would be the biggest challenge I think that everybody's facing in Marketo or in general. I think in our marketing automation tool as well.

More efficiently with the mobiles. More access to other dispositive like a tablets. More compatible with office programs

I noticed recently, I'll set up a tweet from X (Twitter) to make sure the characters are the right amount, and then I'll plug it into v and it says I have too many characters. I feel like this has possibly changed? I don't remember it doing this before. Don't like that part. I would like to see the ability to use thumbnails on all platforms. Certain size videos don't upload to LinkedIn but if I do it directly from the LinkedIn page, it will allow that size.

Sometimes, Report creates problem it not generated properly. we can improve our automation policies

GANTT/timeline integration. Customizability of boards- ie the ability to have different columns in two groups on the same board

More shapes to use (alongside the circle, square, rectangle, post-it designs). If the mind-map can detect a key word (like, "evolution", or "bacteria", or "BRC Gene" multiple times in your mind-map, then to highlight those boxes or text and suggest using a single or unique colour to uniformly bring them together.

Better error handling and reporting when backups fail. I dislike having to manually enter a key code on renewal. Provide a guided walkthrough and provide tips when creating first backup plan.

In my opinion, no accounting, would be it a premium product if it did, would rival CMiC or Trimble. In my experience, ERP was inconsistent - not totally Procore's fault. In my opinion, extremely expensive compared to competitors

Visibility of monthly payroll for admins

Perhaps a few more email options for email customization. Allow customers to choose the amount of time per meeting instead of just 4 options. Emails reminders to customers about upcoming meetings

Performance

I don't see any

Control containers

Logs can be made easier to read. Centralized app to manage multiple devices at multiple remote endpoints. Endpoint hostname resolution for easier management

There is no collaboration tool (messaging, chat, etc.) within Planview. The user interface can be difficult to follow, cumbersome to navigate. Creating reports is not intuitive - need training to know how to create even basic reports/dashboards

User Interface seems a bit 'old'

User interface. Learning material

No room for improvement. Demo video on how to use. provide certifications

Enhancements. Example use cases

The notifications and the inbox could be all together, in my opinion- I don't need two tabs to check for info. I do not use the lockers/info boxes for information, just because I am not certain how much storage is available and the number of docs, photos, etc. that I have for each entry I think would fill up too quickly.

Management/merging of duplicate contact records. Ability to export contacts to Hubspot from mobile app. Quicker removal of stale records from database

Changing points of contact can be frustrating

when choosing to update the structure , the layout could be adjusted. switching the owner selection more prominent. Lockout time could be a bit shorter if tying to sign in

Google post integration

The interface can be improved. Sometimes, call outcomes duplicate themselves repeating in tasks

Occasional trouble using the app form. Only being able to use the app when on mobile

They do not offer both Cash and Accrual reporting - you have to pick one and stick with it. They do not have a recommended credit card processing module that will sync with a processor to process cards through NetSuite ERP. When we looked in to setting one up, it was going to cost us $500 monthy fee, not including transaction fees, just to have the sync capability. They do not have automatic accounting periods - you have to manually create new accounting periods every year or it will post all the new transactions into the prior year. In my experience, the Match Bank Data tries to auto-create rules every time you make a match and you cannot turn this off even if you uncheck the box, so you will get hundreds or so rules created which you have to manually delete if you don't want garbage cluttering your account. In my experience, their Bank Feed module fails constantly and they need a third party to fix it, but it doesn't get fixed and they don't solve the problem. So it is not a functioning feature. In my opinion, the Match Bank Data/Reconcile feature is more cumbersome than necessary with extra steps that should not be necessary.

in my experience, not easily able to pay ACH by CTX type. Purchasing module does not allow us to use % allocations for our building expenses. payment check formatting - in my opinion, this is not easily customizable. We were past due on a payment, and were never called on the phone. Sage shut down our entire company. We paid by credit card immediately but then Sage put a message on our screens that we are still past due even though we paid first thing this morning. Budget - projection for revenue is too basic, we need to be more fu. Editing in the purchasing module was an all or none choice, could not customize by user type or by employee user. Feels like our Account Manager just points us in other directions, almost as if his hands are tied. He should be able to make changes and assist us, but it seems he is only able to refer us to others when there are problems or issues. I think it appears the right hand is not talking to the left hand, for example, our account manager had no idea that our Sage system was going to be suspended because of a $4,800 late payment that we were not aware of. We prepaid $100,000 in January for the entire year, but this fact was overlooked when the decision was made to shut down our company. We have users all over the country so they are on different time zones, this was disruptive to everyone and very unnecessary.

Provide ongoing training for updates, not just pop-up balloons. Make navigation panes easier for scrolling side-by-side views. Compare past projects with current similar ones

Better UI for Languages. CMS 12 has lot of header space up top. Dojo is so hard to fix or debug

I'd like the ability to sync data back and forth between Salesforce on the Task level. I think this is probably a pretty specific use case, though. I'd like the ability to export plays (to include emails in the play) in one file for reference. Email editor with more advanced functionality.

Can't think of any. Great product. Keep up the great work. We love it

UI could use some work in finding features, etc. Immutable backup requires a new setup of a backup target, can't convert.

Filed base notification. Career site enhancements. Self scheduling enhancements

better customer support (talking to a person). easier integration with userguiding. better integration with JIRA

Admin Complexity is High - To Fine Tune Features you need to invest in training or high level support. Flexibility in delivery could be better, some solutions are on or off. Cost is high and inflexible when it comes to trying out new features

Since we are new to the product, I do not have anything for this option.

Although advantageous compared to other tools it is quite expensive. Mobile automation solution can be improved. Reporting features could be better

Matching Algorithms

Upgrade. Replication across regions. Scalability

more integration with tape devises for control

Being able to set brand colors - for instance, on Canva Pro, you can set your brand colors and those can be more easily accessible than the rest of the colors. It'd be v helpful to keep the boards more "on brand" for the companies if monday.com has such feature as well. Along the same lines, more color choices for the status / table / text.

Interface customization is very less. Many test cases run at same time causes performance issues like laggings. No option to leave comments in Read-only mode

The Risk and Training add-ons are not as intuitive as the process management tool. The ability to configure reports/dashboards in Promapp would be useful, at the moment we have to export via excel and then manipulate. It would be good to be able to add colour to process maps to further aid understanding

It should only alert for the device/server which is down, not for all the other devices attached to the same affected devices. Tabs should be in more organized manner instead. Nothing more.

Pricing for SQL Server is a bit high and does not support non-profit discounts.

Cloning simulations has caused some issues since not all information is transferred over

There's actually only one. It is easy to use, easy to deploy, but in the back end, you guys have a partnership in general with AT&T and T-Mobile. I'm looking for you guys to have Verizon added to that. So I know you guys are working on that, but that's probably the biggest thing I have.

Leaning curve at the beginning, but it's worth using it. There are too many options. The number of options gets overwhelming.

In my opinion at user interface is buggy. In my experience, restores take awhile. In my experience, it's difficult to find data you need

It would be neat to see a team chat feature included. I don't fully believe the board links to other boards is as helpful as it seems. Thought it would be neat if it worked well. Example: planning for marketing on board and it simultaneously fill in details in other boards for teams to execute.

Better detail on App Integration Summaries both included and not in the tiered licensing

Functionality price

From my perspective, I can't think of anything that needs improvement in the Wrike platform.

Sometimes different backup methods using different tiers can be challenging. Typically have to work with support on that as the documentation is pretty good, but it's also too much at times. I think they'd do better if they did more visual examples. It's their product, they'd benefit. Every now and then it doesn't clean snapshots from VMware and then keeps creating them until you can't anymore. I would highly suggest they work right with VMware to fix that. Been a problem for long enough. The last area Veeam can improve is being able to cook and clean for me. If Veeam could do that, I surely wouldn't need to waste my money on an expensive wife and kids. Those things are overrated anyway, all they do is eat your food and complain. Veeam could definitely beat that if it made food, just sayin.

I wish ChurnZero talked to Front so that when I sent an email to Front, it would auto-tag it and know the task was completed. I wish you could mark an email as sent and not have to delete it if you choose not to send it through churn.

Sharing boards. Automation is great but it takes time to learn how to set it up. How to mix and match workspaces

Searching, needing to use keywords and shortcuts to find relevant information.

Ability to rename tables

Flexibility in table layout. Survey statistics/dashboard

Reporting has always been a challenge for me. The Ceridian Dayforce App could use upgrading / not very user friendly

proper training how-to docs. possibility to use alongside other programs. interface revamp

The administrative side of Ayoa is very limited. If a user accidentally deletes a board or leaves the company, it's a bit of a pain to get that data back. User administration is difficult and if a use who is invited selects the wrong link after registration they may get locked out of your invite.

It would be great if we can integrate a phone dialer here.

The product performs exactly what we need it to do well.

Reliability. Frequent problems logging into platform. Registering Time entries correctly. Time Off Requests: Confirmation email should show the type of request employee submitted, not just the date. Platform needs to be fully functional on Firefox. Notes function in Time & Attendance glitches often and notes cannot be found.

No rules about job priority. Retention points and days might be a little confusing. User Interface was confusing at first

More user friendly UI. Easier method to search for custom reports

When setting automations it would be good to have AND/OR options

Customer support :- Whenever there is an issue with the platform there should be proper SLA to close the issue. Need to add more options for auto reports on daily basis. Subscription charges should be decreased

Interface changing too frequently. Reports (need more support). Client support to assist your clients on how to improve their space.

Better training of new users. I wish I had this SOAR training when I started using ADP SmartCompliance

Dashboard with external data. Pre-defined Kanban options with editing possibility

Cost of indexing. Better local dynamo db environment setup. Cross region replication

There is no simple way to preview how a post will appear on the various social media platforms. It makes it tough to know what to expect without some trial and error. I wish there was more transparency about how each feature works. For example, Hootsuite allows you to post multiple pictures on Facebook in one post. However, when they go live it actually posts each picture separately. Knowing how it works ahead of time allows us to tailor our approach.

Works good so far. Frequent updates would be nice. Location tracking might be improved

Teradata Studio - client tool for SQL developers and database administrators. automated performance tunning based on the system metadata

Would like a good mobile app.

Speed of invoice reading through OCR can be improved. More machine learning can be used in case of exceptional cases. Cost factor can be improved

Community articles could be more helpful or explain things in a more clear manner. intuitiveness of report building. Intuitiveness of data syncing between systems

The reporting features could be improved. The mobile app could be more user-friendly. The integration with other apps could be better

Don't love the new contact record view

Direct deposit change/editing on employees. Weekly updates on open tax notices. Reporting to be able to pull all fields into reports - on employee and company side.

Ability to search more easily. Ability to change colour scheme/feeling. Ability to be branded with our company brand

Better automatic ticket distribution. Auto reply emails. Better spam filters.

Software revision management. CAD file management. Improvements to make Projects easier to navigate, change, etc.

Configuration: The numerous configuration options are sometimes daunting for small startups and offering a simpler config setup will be valuable to new techies,. Hardware Limitation: Allowing users to fine-tune and optimize hardware resources is another means to improve their RDS. Backup Flexibility: Improving backup retention and granularity is another way to improve the provided services. Provide more proactive guidance for performance optimization

I have found a few bugs in recent years. Broken image links are the bane of my life when working on other people's files

Mobile Experience. Cost. UI

Connectivity between Recruiting, Onboarding, and Employee Central needs improvement from a reporting aspect.

Clearer visibility into which statements have been "paid out" to the employee. Anticipated taxes

Labeling within the software. Automatic Software Updates

Performance performance performance. If my laptop is unplugged my battery drains WAY faster if I have a Miro tab open, so I have the habit of closing them. Even if it means suggesting Miro pages get split into two spaces, look for ways to make performance less CPU intensive. For planning tools like calendars, create more database linking to allow me to rearrange calendar dates and plans to capture impacts of changing dates (e.g. deadline 1 is being moved by a week, causing everything else to move by a week), as well as the resourcing for an assignment. Integrate better with the tools I use frequently (specifically MS Teams, Azure DevOps, and Notion)

Stronger, more robust tool for T-SQL Dataset Management. Workplan functionality & integration that is more intuitive and efficient to use for PMs. More robust Work Management Hierarchy that enables Parent-Child relationships

Dashboards are very modern and maybe confusing at first. Placeholder tooltips may help. Integrations with systems by default can help. Pricing structure needs to be revised for small industries

Initial sizing of the product. Helping customer understand how Rubrik treats growth rates. Could be easier to clear up 'relic' data

Nextiva one software could use some stability improvement. Managers need more control over security features. A graphical callflow (flowchart style) config page would be nice.

Having the ability to export all projects/tasks in a CSV format while using a filter (i.e. date filtering, whom tasks are assigned to, etc.) would help a lot during audits. For developers, it would be extremely useful to track code changes on feature requests, such as integration with GitHub. The ability to add task dependencies would be invaluable. This would allows team members to be alerted when a project has landed on their plate after those before them have completed necessary tasks.

It could expand company Smart Summaries to large, private companies. It could include scientific publication sources, such as PubMed, in the content library.

Real time updates. More filters.

Pricing using an on-demand plan can be tuned a little better for low cost. Managing an on-demand plan can be a little punishing. Limited size and data types are not the best to work with.

No query or database access inside Amazon RDS other than Aurora ServerLess. No tools to move data from one server to another. You must do it on your own. No automatic upload of backups to S3. If you want to automate a local replica of your cloud databse, you need to create your own process to export to S3.

No room for pop-up alerts if something is needed for a patient. Technical issues switching between clinics

Expand template collection beyond tours and demos

web service calls. number of actions that can be used in a worflow. complexity of process with using branches

Provide support for IoT use cases like Bluetooth Low Energy connection simulation. Rent space for proprietary hardware so IoT companies can expand their use of BrowserStack. Rent out your devices to companies that require a test to be run on-site

Providing more insight in the functionality the company possesses. Rating or ranking its approved vendors.

Performance. Customer Care. Faster Enhancement turn arounds

Adding colors to each folder, to make it even more different visually. Sometimes there are some bugs with the upload of images, where it duplicates the file. When you select multiple lines and then the information duplicates automatically, but if there was one file that I didn't want to duplicate I have to go to every line and delete it there, I can't do it in bulk

Menus and submenus are hidden sometimes. Maybe bold some fonts to stand out more

Nothing that I can think of.

We could always use more colors

The whole snapshot backup & restore feature could be more informative to let users know clearly that restoring a snapshot means creating a whole new cluster. As usual, AWS documentations need time to get used to. Pricing & scaling could be more transparent

Can't think of anything, it does everything I would want it to

I have used MURAL previously and they seem very similar my feedback will be on features that I don't know yet if Miro has. Can I create and reuse templates? Can I save part of a board to reuse? Can I do visitor links to non-members?. Not sure if there is training or user groups.

To me Guru has been perfect. In my experience with Guru I would not change anything.

More 3rd party integrations. Business App layer integration

Ease of attaching multiple file types within interface. Show all contacts related to a company by email address list.

Reminder emails for pending tasks. Assignment to exact stakeholder via bot. Removal of non-working employees or vendors from a task

Approvals of changes processed by HR should not require another HR approval. Correct the A Addresses change message to An Address change when a change is in the future. Make the onboarding dashboard easier to sort, especially among multiple companies/countries. It would be nice if they could be separate

Not sure. Not sure. Notsure

Authentication on Windows servers and PC. Management is confusing if you never worked with WatchGuard Cloud.

A time tracking functionality may be useful.

Providing pricing. More webinars or self guided videos. Faster telephone features, it's very hard to contact someone in person

Lacks device 2FA on device sign-in. RPass password vault can not save files, only passwords.

Firefox!!. Plugins. Sensible integrations. Working integration into Outlook as it currently does not work.

Documentation

The system is so configurable that it's a blessing and a curse. Schedules and screens are well suited for waterfall but not as turnkey for agile. Integration of customized attributes for the strategic leaf level

The "My Work" page has had some great upgrades but isn't as efficient of a view just yet. The automations tend to run slow or revert if you don't take your time.

In my experience, when backup chains have issues Veeam Data Platform support is mostly useless. Be prepared to rebuild your backup environment.

Not really sure

Would like to be able to File Level Restores from data stored on a VVOL. Would like to be able to perform Quarterly backup copy jobs for GFS options

Integrations can be complicated. Takes some familiarization in order to use it effectively

The UI could be a bit better. The terminology used in the interface could be cleaned up or easier to use. The continuous backup data could be better integrated into UI visibility. Explanations for errors and failures would sure be nice.. "Host discovery failed." What host? What failed? Everything looks fine.

Should be more customizable

Documentation of use case. Tutorial for beginner user. Complicated UI for new user

Revaluation of balances in foreign currency. Sometimes preparing custom reports can be difficult. Sometimes booking a journal entry or booking an invoice doesn't go through and have to enter it again

Sending out item ID's in work forms to collect more info associated to that Item

Some bells & whistles that cost extra. Limited media availability in Community posts. Changes are not always communicated well - you log it and something is different

Allocation forecasting and tracking don't update with hours spent. Reports could be more user friendly. Would love to have procurement functionality

It would be fantastic if there was a Portuguese version. I'd want to have a function to utilize in my cellphone that requires less configuration in the reports. TBM Studio generates automatic reports and sends them to users. The ability to have users managed by rules inside TBM Studio (for example, if someone is associated with a cost center or business unit).

I would love more templates. Make it easier to format. Find similar cards to attach automatically

Easier way to make changes without loading data. Changing leaders or org data without data loads. replication to S/4 can be a struggle, but that is likely due to our partner..and how they set it up. Org Chart management should sync across the position org chart automatically instead of having to make changes in multiple places

Would like to have open access boards instead of needing to share with specific emails. It can be confusing to initially set up integrations and automations

More free training courses. Better client support

The system is so robust that sometimes it can be hard to navigate or find the information I am looking for. The "academy" is less helpful than I hoped, I find better / more accurate answers when I reach out to our CSM directly. The support team is generally responsive but can sometimes be slow or fall off

Pop-up can be better - we use Privy for that instead. Easy way to cover all compliance in various countries. Better plan options - between the current price plans

make the bulk upload even easier.

Dashboards are cumbersome to build because you have to build reports for each widget and they are visually very limited (you can't choose colors, layouts are limited, etc.). Out of box features better support bottom up resource planning rather than top down (allocations at the project level). You need a fair amount of technical knowledge to customize the system via configurations

Take time to update data. Expensive Software

No improvements - love the way the product works

We encounter restrictions in terms of how much they can modify the system to meet their unique needs. Customers who want to use third-party tools or systems that are not a part of the Zalvis ecosystem may encounter integration problems. Video interview feature is missing.

Increase the responding speed. Make a button for "clear the board"

A way to set the front of the room so the chairs and tables face the right direction. This is helpful as we can use meeting spaces in different ways. Auto Preview

maybe..adding more fun or cute ways to spice up things such as pastel colour schemes

Searching for texts. it is difficult to find a project when I have so many. I would like to see projects based on my participation

Employee central

More inventory features. Better Windows patching. End point protection for servers

The invoices that are created in Avalara don't sync back to Intacct, not sure if that is the set up issue. Even though most of the state tax filing is 20th of every month, Avalara locks any modification on the 10th of each month, can this be extended to the 15th of each month... to avoid doing any manual modification and to keep track of it

Ability to convert service provider accounts back to normal customer accounts. The ability to disable the change 6-digit passhprase when users only use the push option. The ability to brand the app to own color/logo

User syncing- offfboarded employees are often still enrolled and managers receive reports about overdue training for these employees. In my opinion, the admin GUI can be confusing

uploading from spreadsheets. searching for existing boards. organization of board within a company

Pre-processing reporting - it would be great to have some of the reporting features available in a test environment as we work through the data each period. Downloads sometimes route you to the "Jobs" page, and sometimes just download--would be great if they always just downloaded

Filter boards for my work, actually pick which boards show up. a time tracking aspect would be useful

Diagrams, needs alingment. more diagrams free of color

After I have gone through all the steps and have a call set up, sometimes I forget to write down the id number to call in with and there is no way to go back to find it. So I end up canceling the call and doing it over again.

Integrating Stickies into ADO. Integrating boards to Teams. Exporting boards. Downloading Boards. Notes section. Stickers. Wireframes templates. Flowcharts

As enterprises increasingly demand real-time analytics and machine learning capabilities, improving Astra DB's interface with analytics and machine learning tools might be a priority. The Astra DB ecosystem may be enhanced by expanding the ecosystem of plugins, integrations, and community-contributed solutions. While Astra DB has numerous capabilities and versatility, it might be difficult for newbies, particularly those who are unfamiliar with Apache Cassandra.

We schedule our weekly newsletter manually each week, but since we have an exact day of the week and time, we send our newsletter each and every week, it would be helpful if the Campaign Tool/Manager had the functionality to setup a schedule for the whole year or longer and then mark exceptions like for major holidays. Like many websites..the function to "Keep/Stay Signed In" doesn't seem to work..at least for me. It would be helpful if the "Add Subscriber" form provided direct access to enter notes about the subscriber versus having to go back into the contact after the initial add to then enter notes.

In my opinion, UI could be better. I've found it sometimes works slow. Expensive

improved support for rtl languages in PDF builder. streamlined process for assisted functions such as transferring forms to another account. improved collaboration on forms and related elements such as PDF builder

Setting up dashboards. Organizing folders. Adding team members to dashboards

SMS and Calling support for our region. Pricing is a bit dodgy. Support responses can be improved

attachments are all or nothing when in draft form and require reuploading. additional ways to tag other than comments

There are sometimes issues with audio speech paths

The document storage library is too inflexible. Most of the times, sales people need to make changes to documents and though marketing would like it to be otherwise, this isn't how our sales process works. When you run a one-to-one presentation from within the application (only available with the paid version the time of this writing) it is somewhat clunky as far getting the other person on the line. Needs a way to have someone sign a contract within the app versus having to acquire and integrate another solution. Would remove a lot of friction. Needs expanded capability to model all the relationships you have within an account, both on customer side and company side. Limited ability to perform target account planning.

Backup management. Asset inventory. Advanced queries scalability

Navigating the permissioning of users is a tad confusing in the UI. Also not clear how many seats are available for a particular permission. I wish there were a few more templates available for common use cases in technology. Sometimes, rarely, the auto-save feature goes haywire and changes are not saved

Many modules have been moved to web-based systems, but have lingering functionality in desktop installed software. This can create some frustrating when having to work in two places to get work done.

I would recommend an improved webpage; sometimes, it lags when opening a Guru card. I would recommend when searching in collections files when entering words in the search bar; I would like Guru to search for the file with the words that I'm entering instead of showing me cards specifically without me knowing from what file they are from.

Further automation from an outreach perspective. Better personalization tokens

Time & Labor Reporting - needs more reporting on job abandonment (who has missed x days). I'd like to see a text feature added within the Community

I'd love a one seat upgrades instead of users bundles. sharable dashboards (for non-monday.com users) would be great

Pricing it a bit too high. Not so much user friendly in backup-restores. No access to root infra

contact information accuracy. add more export options

so far it has been good as to my use.

There's so many ways to use monday.com which is amazing but it's hard to figure out on your own

AppD has some disavantages for cloud native applications, comparing to some competitors

There is still a lack of a secondary market for the tokenized securities. Fortnuately, this is going to change soon when the regulation finds common ground. They should engage more in raising the industries' awareness of tokenization to raise the adaption rate and give the whole sector more tailwinds.

It either needs more focus on the abilities for the Salesforce embedded client, or they need to stop advertising the ability. All the new functions come out for the stand alone site, leaving the customers that integrated stranded with nothing. This conference opened my eyes to the capabilities of Genesys Cloud CX, but how almost none of it is for the agents integrated with Salesforce.

ways of access - a more direct way would be beneficial. management of the first screen. administrator function

Manufacturing. Ecommerce platform

To automatically delete accounts of the resigned employees. Detect Harmful files that may harm the user

profile set up. allow more free pages. affordability

Better 401k statements for employees. When employees lock themselves out of their account, it's awful getting them reset or when they get a new phone number, email address, etc., and can't use the old one to reset their password. Streamlined custom report features. Better communication when our account rep is changed. Every single time our rep has changed, they never reached out to let us know. It took me an email for help, only to find out that the rep wasn't there anymore or something, and then having to track down who our new rep was because it wasn't updated on the Paychex Flex site either.

Integration and Deployment. Service and Support. More helpful documentations

Integrated with Excel function

Provide which country you are backing up into

unable to edit some things

Cleaner user interface. Dark mode. More integration capabilities

I wish we could publish social post from monday.com

hard to learn. use to regex. high pricing

It seems to struggle with being able to query large data sets. It would error out when attempting to query about 15K customer accounts. Training. I had to look on the internet for some videos to understand how the control boxes work. When we initially installed TIBCO we received a crash course. You need someone with a good analytical, technical, or data background to use this tool. Error messages doesn't always match the issue causing the error.

Tasks are limited to one project. Tags are not editable

Complexity. Pricing Transparency. Security and Compliance. Integration with External Services

Automations sometimes experience lags. The "My Work" functionality doesn't update in real time, and sometimes even refreshing the window does not work.

Lower Pricing. Communication on Benefits

Learning. Performance. Skills

Email functionality - Search by customer name. Creative portal to design and layout notifications and emails. Saving drafts sometimes does not work. In box delivery rates in e-mail need improving

Handling data history well when migrating from legacy systems. Math and Merge to near realtime.

In my experinece, I sometimes we find pop up boxes when for ex we are changing an attendees session to not show all information and you don't realize until you scroll down it is asking additional questions. I can't always find things I need in the online help searches. In my experience, often unless you get lucky with a specific wording, it's hard to find articles to help with issues.

With the PBJ reporting for CMS. better email system

Notifications. Support

It should support more functions. Pricing should be less. Hard to set up

Accessibility features - it would be awesome to have a closed captions tool for video lessons for those who do not have software that does that. Custom Dashboards in Analytics. Additional Event extraction options

I was just trying to think of any room for improvement. It's hard. It does a lot. It does what we need. It does the operations, I can't think of anything for improvement actually

Better GUI access. Advertise this quality product

Providing Cybersecurity Awareness Training Materials for October for Adults vs. Children

More bundle options that aren't food and beverage. Quicker production time. Better reporting on company store / sales

CCP (Contact Control Panel) Amazon Connect for agents very basic. Automated outgoing calls. Omnichannel to attend voice and text by the same agent

Could be a little more performant. It's not slow but some requests are slightly too slow to be customer-facing. Invest more in the data quality functionality. Better interface for permission management.

Credits do not sync well from Bill.com

I have not found any limitations thus far.

Schedule visualization could be improved. Navigation not intuitive for occasional users

Dashboard organization. Linking relevant data pieces

Coverage of integration with other security tools can be improved. Customisation of dashboard to enable customer choice of tracking. Showcase devsecops progressive tasks from SLA and violation from code scanner perspective

limitations of the Flash System 5200 and 7300, which offer a 32-gigabyte connection can be improved. This connection could be made flexible and given a choice to choose for customers like to have 16-gigabyte connections or lower and higher as well.

More improved knowledge base to help with more complex automation setup/tests.

They could use more installers

user interface was getting a bit stale - we are looking forward to implementing recent enhancements

Creating reports. Spell check

The main issue I have is you cannot change the training modules on campaigns without creating new campaigns. I like the campaigns we have but would like to swap the training modules to keep everything fresh. To create campaigns, there is no step by step process to complete them. You have to go through different sections of the software to get everything set. And some of the processes don't make a lot of sense to me in the ways they are done.

Update user interface for easier customization and corporate branding. Easier way to edit expenses added to report of mistake was made in entry (itemization)

More stickers that are beautifully designed and not so intentionally funny.

Workflows. Onboarding. Content

Upgrading the software has broken some existing backups.

AVI-SPL is fantastic. AVI-SPL always ships in schedule. AVI-SPL is very honest with me when I want something. They will tell me that might not be for me.

Customization. Customer support. Cloud based storage

Implementation of Adobe Analytics is not that simple and hence need support of the experts. Latest release on the Geographies has started impacting the data. Adobe doesn't track the APPs on url basis

I can't think any off the top of my head.

eps sizing. auto refresh on offenses page. develop use case manager add-one

the project assignment. A report was not assigned to me, and I have to ask someone to do it. Sometimes it's difficult to find projets/reports within all included in the platform. tips to improve the usage of the platform

Adding Google Docs and Videos can sometimes be challenging and not appear correctly for users. Users don't always verify cards, leading to large backlogs of unverified knowledge. Standardizing and organizing card formatting can vary widely.

Integration with other platforms such as microsoft teams. UI Design and colors for dashboards

I think it would be good to have more simplified processes for automations for users that don't have an understanding of how to use these.

Connection to cloud providers could be easier. The documentation could be more comprehensible. It would be nice to have best practices for the setup

The collaboration with the local subsidiaries could be improved. Have some follow-up contact just to ask about how it is going.

Physical backup (issues post Windows updates needing restarts). Physical test restores (recent improvements).

Reporting. Dashboards

Easier view of subtasks column headings when there are a lot of subtasks. When I last looked at one of our clients that had over 15 subtasks, it was hard to see the column headings of the subtasks because the overall column headings were over top of them.

Ways to organize within one particular board

integration with API for CMS

Add a search bar

Better table functionality. Move variable table buttons to prevent scrolling to add new variables. Ability to locate profiles when a change is needed.

Training videos could be helpful for all the tools that I have available to me. I love the potential of them all, but I worry I don't understand how to fully take advantage of all the capabilities there. Some tools feel more buried than others, making it hard to get the most out of the CMS. I wish I had some more developer tools so I could make quick and easy fixes rather than reaching out to our developers to do it for me. I have skills in that area, and I feel like I can't take advantage of them anymore.

adding more accounts. the dates range tool could be fixed - use the last modified dates. dark mode

Reports. Dashboard. Emails in spam

It would be better if we have option to chat in person

Clearer filter systems. Notifications straight through to email

In the hybrid cards version there is not a way to use the resource filed as a sort/card lane, it would be nice to be able to use this field to view tasks assigned to a resource all in one column/lane. I haven't used the Risk and Issues portion much, but plan to. It seems odd to me that I have to click out to a new section to track these items for a project. I'd like to see the meeting notes enhanced a bit so that you can copy the last agenda forward with unfinished tasks and or action items

Easier quick pay imports. Year end audit reports show inconsequential errors making it hard to review for actual erros

Need alerts and reminders to follow up on open/pending support cases. More user friendly UI. Simpler ways to associate customers with accounts and organizations

Bring in some predictive AI for HTML Example images we can use in the code Detection of errors in coding

I'm not sure if sso is supported

access control. formal outputs. integration to Teams

not of a of room for more complex app requirements

Pharmacies have very little data. Hard to find what you are looking for. Often companies are in multiple industries. This can be confusing.

Automation - moving from one group to another doesn't work sometimes. Limitation of self populating fields

the canned reporting is lacking. both instances where I've used the software we had internal control failures because it allows any combo of controls/transactions without warning. I think the bank reconciliation feature is not easy to use

Connecting seamlessly with SAP ERP. Scheduling the automated jobs

Ability to customize groups within a dashboard. Clearer notifications.

Number of updates have been increased lately. Minor bugs are present (connecting issues). With the new update the last accessed time is inaccurate

Support multiple Extensions in WebEx Calling. Better display and organization of contacts, spaces and teams. Less Crowded

must be very tech savvy to use. can be costly

Better diagnostics. More up to date repository. Better IDE

In my opinion, the email functionality and reliability are dismal. In order to be a CRM, we need reliable capability to track our communications with customers within the email tab. The use of the update section is not as viable since we need to copy and paste missed emails back into the email pane when the system fails to record the email. This one item is the largest complaint for our company. Board item count limitation causes a significant issue for us since we manage tens of thousands of clients. We are unable to keep all of our contacts on one board which increases the complexity of maintaining our contacts. We are also unable to associate an array of items back to clients since each board can only have a small amount of links. monday.com forms which function more like SuperForms would greatly assist our data collection needs.

Easier use of automation for common groups and items. Possibly a column option for each item that shows the last time it has been edited/changed

Would like to have the ability to backup Active Directory directly

the platform can sometime slowdown when you have too many tabs open. notifications could be a bit clearer, option for them to stay on longer. dashboard is not something I personally find useful as it is offered right now

More Granular performance metric tracking is feasible. Ability to restore backups across regions.

Analytics - this needs to be full-featured, cost-effective, and easily provide for inclusion of data from non-SAP SuccessFactors sources. Single data model - even though significant strides have been made in this realm, in my opinion, there is still a long way to go. Prettier UI that might be modifiable to reflect customer web standards

Onboarding 1.0 makes rehires difficult to process as it creates a new file id. Data syncing is not always seamless. There shouldn't be multiple ways to change data as it makes it confusing for our testers (ex. take action button vs. pencil button)

Provisioning access is required for certain functions that customers should be able to do for themselves.

decentralized administration. Automatic security protocols instead of manual overrides

I wish we could toggle between versions without replacing. Can be hard to track changes. Sometimes the notifications don’t show up

Recommended gfs options to get someone new off the ground

Reporting functionality is "clunky". Systemwide outages have occurred. Call answering not always quick (i.e. call drops before you can grab it)

In my opinion, UI is really bad

Interface advancements. Notification bugs. Integrations with Airtable??

Small ease of use improvements, e.g., colored root folders. Multi-Topic review assignments/Topic section reviews.

Turnaround time: Sometimes my emails can go unanswered for a week or so and it requires us to follow-up. However, when we've needed Support, their support team is extremely responsive.

Exporting general ledger details in a format better tailored to sorting, filtering, pivoting

Updating attendee info - without access to my clients full account, I get stuck and can't update an email or incorrect spelling. People are constantly skipping hotel and/or airline requests. Make a report that pulls absolutely every single thing collected in a website

Should have month wise visibility of data

Deployment process to DXP. Release notes summarized with potential features/patches having an impact on the day-to-day work. Easier access to bug fixes recently released.

Reassigning a manager to an employee when the original manager resigns/ is terminated. Ability to drag any field in Dayforce into a custom report. Make onboarding less complicated to set up

The learning curve is steep, and I think the build procedures might be challenging at first because we are transitioning from a non-systematic data management perspective. My team and I believe that its integration into learning new capabilities is complicated and limiting in terms of customizing reports.

Formatting on Cards can be cleaned up- Things like bullets, numbering, etc. The ability to highlight in different colors. Possible API connections?

More levels of sub questions

Fast preview of video files

A cheat sheet or section help me making use of models more easier. Valuable series or learning sections which can diversify the usage of each option. Standards and sample case studies which can help in building LLMS

Not enough coverage on certain brokerage reports like Nephron research. Tagging internal employees to call for attention amidst colleagues. Emailing documents and important information into the system.

sometimes automations can be tricky to set up. sometimes we forget to switch workspaces to find boards. not enough color options to customize stuff

Organizational chart export. Training and Development Reporting

I think this might be unique to my laptop, but sometimes it can take up to five minutes to connect. So if we can improve connection time, that would be great.

I think the look of it could be upgraded to be more up to date software.

Processing time application. Errors when creating reports

Reporting. Analytics

Sometimes on Access Scan can use a lot of processing power

I am please with iFax and have no recommendations for improvement

HRIS integration. Expanded modules

The initial configuration and setup from purchase to goLive was a struggle.

We have not had any issues that would cause us to wish they would do anything differently.

Reclassification of Paid Items. Bank Feed

Better GDPR compliance. Better documentation on Edge vs Web. Better compatibility with GTM

Some of the administrative/security configuration with Windows Active Directory can be tricky when managed by separate corporate IT personnel (alignment in strategy). User adoption with any new process can be challenging, but overall user friendly menus. As Database sizes grow (200,000+ records) paging through records can be cumbersome, probably need to migrate to an archive process to offload some of the data.

Better GUI interface. Currently, [the] performance of FS7200 can't be monitored through TPC/SC, this should be considered to include in [the] future. IBM primarily lacks in designing its products physical looks, should have designed more intrusive and attractive design. A first impression of the product creates [an] impressive opinion.

Topic category listings and updates. General updates

The UI is clunky, resulting in a frustrating UX. It often freezes, resulting in lost work. We experience seemingly random failures that result in lost work. It is not a great sandbox experience for novice users, which is generally the case for the people executing tasks with the software

Share workflow with clients/partners without sharing the whole board. Automation with respects to what is left to be done by exporting data

Expensive. Not suitable for small business. Difficult to integrate with Non SAP products

Sometimes the "unknown results" can be over 30%

Interface is not user-friendly.

Send reminders for task that have deadlines. If monday.com could sync with our lending platform to ensure check amounts match that would be great. A summary of what a workspace is about would be nice

The platform itself is very feature-rich. One of the difficulties we find is that to do things, for example, in terms of monitoring and obtaining data, it's not consistent. There are multiple interfaces to get them, but you can't get the same data through all interfaces. So you end up having to try to find either the least common denominator or we have to build our own code that then mines through all the interfaces and that becomes very problematic. The other problem we've found is that there are issues where the same amount of expected software quality isn't really there in all releases. Cisco breaks things out by like shorter or long-lived release trains. And the long-lived release trains tend to have good quality by the time you get to the second or third release within it. But then those are skips. There are like 12, 18 months skips in between those. So if you start releasing features on versions in between there practically to be safe, you have to wait until you know much later. So to be able to see new future capabilities as they come out and deploy those readily needs to improve, it needs to be much faster.

Need to improve the report. User Manuals

Better mobile app experience. Better reminders for expiring articles. Improved speed

Could be cheaper

Landscape sprawl - can be become quite large do to infrastructure requirements

Housing of external files such as policies

The training can be quite complex, so it would be nice to have canned presentations that users could refer back to for refreshers on some of the advanced techniques for mining account information or running complex searches. Some smaller or non-cabinet level accounts have only basic information available so some of those accounts could use a bit more focus.

Make it easier to group reports. Streamlining of entity information. Esp. what information goes on checks. more clarity on user permissions

UX design. Dynamic roadmaps. Integration with company emails for tagging

The calendar view can be difficult to see everything unless you select specifics.

Icon and image library experience. Intregration with analytics within the platform. Syncing within 3rd party apps

There should be an option to set up different columns for different groups within the same board

Revenue Recognition

I don't fully understand the tasks tab. I don't fully understand the annoucements tab. I don't fully understand the mentions tab

Varity in the content. Integration with Google. Reporting capability. New product need more testing before rollout

Data blending from different data sources is something we may find useful and i believe Kyvos is looking at introducing this in a future release

I wish there was a way to auto-populate the date column within a group so that there's one item for every day of the month. Sometimes I wish there were more color options - or that you could use custom colors. I wish monday.com could directly integrate with every major social platform to eliminate the need for a service like Hootsuite or Sprout Social.

low volume queue forecasting. reporting. shift bids

More up to date equipment.

Ability to customize each workspace home overview page. Ability to add attachments to multiple cards all at the same time. On team page be able to view by the new sorting option of with done dependencies. When adding teams to a workspace, being able to add more than one at a time. Have a pop up if someone completes a card before prior dependencies are complete, asking if sure should be done?. Ability to chose and add multiple documents to multiple cards at same time

Ceipal can improve better things in internal db to get the exact resume there. If it provides Mexican and Canadian candidates that would be better.

No way to contact after hours. This is critical when $11k was erroneously deducted from my account without notice. They apparently re-ran several payroll periods 'accidentally'

Easier to find SAP notes. Better keyword association when searching notes. Organize notes in a better format

The layout of the page is not great. I can't tell where to click to see my commission. I can only see commissions from specific months, rather than for an entire quarter. The graphics that show your numbers don't always reflect the actual sales that you see when you click into the graphic

Transport between system instances is not automated. Licensing Metric for WFA, Onboarding, Recruiting

The mobile app, while functional, was considered somewhat limited. Users desired more features and the ability to perform a wider range of tasks on the go. User who need of inventory management wanted more advanced features and customization options. Some users experienced delays in customer support response times, particularly during peak periods. Improved support responsiveness was a common request. Some users experienced delays in customer support response times, particularly during peak periods. Improved support responsiveness was a common request.

In my experience, horrible customer service. Hidden renewal clause

Create more structured templates. Have tabs enabled to review multiple boards in one ecosystem. More detailed project checklist; gantt features

AWS instance downtimes. Ease of use. End user installation

Templates. formating

Simplify setup of parameters for notification. Currently, it is a cafeteria plan. pick and choose from a host of them. I would rather have the option to choose "don't bug me" or "fill my inbox with alerts" and a few in between choices. In my opinion, quietly update and improve. In my opinion, don't act like every month is a WOW! update. Support for MDM, setup and administration of iOS devices. In my experience, I'm using a separate service now, and not satisfied with the results. I believe this is in the works but not launched yet. I would be willing to guinea pig for them. For every laptop we have out there, using Atera, we have iPads and iPhones as well.

The process of getting the monthly trial balance ready for the flux analysis could be improved. Right now, that is cumbersome. It may be because we use QB Desktop. The home page is still a little overwhelming to look at when one has a lot of entities. But FloQast is continually making upgrades and changes, so I expect this will continue to improve

More training videos are always nice. More in depth quizzes built into the training content

System OS Recognition. Firmware Bundle Compatibility/Bug Checks. More robust support for contract management

Rank tracking does not work very well and doesn't provide as much information as competitors. Backlink analysis is not very intutive. Data isn't always accurate for some of my competitors

First complex set up is a bit hard without explanation. Large gap between the use of Portainer on local and once it's used by a group. Good for people without knowledge on Docker and K3s, but hard for them to set it up

Media asset management. File storage. Short links to pulses

One of the problems that we particularly have and would love to see a lot of improvements with is the we use cloud manager for deployments. Specifically with the managed services, we have a lot of issues with the fact that it is one pipe and one pipeline. So if we do a deployment, we have one thing at a time and you have to wait for one batch and one deployment to go through. So typically if you push one thing through the stage, you have to wait and then it goes to prime, and then if you have another batch that you need to send up, you usually typically have about an hour or four hours wait while everybody's doing validation and then it has to go to production. So we need to find a way to either have multi pipes or multi-stage ability to be able to get more things staged or ready to go or be able to have a better deployment mechanism to get things into production because that wait time and that it's just the cycle is just hard.

The boards can be slow at times depending on the size and scale. adding notes to certain areas seems unintuitive

Project Work Plan assignments with Outlook (bi-directional). Utilization reporting accessible to Team Member license. Time approvals should be routed to a queue for approvers vs. all available to Owners, Resource Managers and Admins

recently with new S4 hana use, there came a lot of integration areas. more simplified add-on tool can become helpful. Creation of Raw material data if can be used in a more interactive way

I used to have issues getting fast responses for equipment quotes but now we have our own account manager. She is absolutely awesome and we all consider her part of our team. By far the best vendor partner we've ever worked with. We all love [..]!. There are times when we just don't have enough installation techs to handle many projects at once. It would be great if AVI-SPL had labor resources that we could call in to augment our staff on these occasions. Just having a few extra skilled hands that we could manage along with our internal staff would be a great help when we need it.

Further customization of auto-actions would be beneficial

ability to leave an RDS off for more than 7 days

There's no option to edit a response to a live Q&A or Poll. There's no Keynote integration on mac. I love Slido, it is easy to use and integrate, but I'd like to see more customization options.

Item deprecation is an issue for us (calibrated items coming up for calibration, SOPs up for review). Because it is a web-based system, it is prone to the usual web-based bugs. Hitting the "back" key in the browser instead of the on-screen back button usually locks up the form and requires you to back all the way out and start over. Initial setup. Because our initial setup was so customizable, and done by employees who are no longer with the company/had differing views of what they wanted from the system, we were left with quite a mess to clean up. Not sure how I would go back in time to fix this besides make sure there were less voices in the room, and more out-of-the-box solution selections.

User management could use improvment - I wish there was an option to deactivate a user rather than completely deleting them. the ability for users to invite external users to the platform is a concern for our Information Security team, it would be great if that feature could be turned off. More reporting options!!!

In the PO matching queue, there is some clunkiness surrounding updating PO lines. For example, if you need to delete PO lines picked up from the invoice, you currently have to delete each line individually, instead of being able to select multiple and delete. Sometimes PO numbers do not properly pick up from the OCR system. For example, the OCR might pick up "PO 18535" instead of "18535". This causes the AP team to have to manually link the PO, creating an extra step. For PO-backed Invoices that require you to manually type in the PO amount, there is no option to save your inputs. If there are any changes to the match details (i.e. linking another PO, or unlinking a PO) all inputs are reset to blank. If there are non PO line items for an invoice that is in the PO matching queue, there is no option to select a separate department code for that line item.

Work and Assignments module - this module can be enhanced to have auto scheduling features and ability to copy and paste tasks from spreadsheets etc. Standard tools to bulk import data into Planview via spreadsheets; currently customization is required. Options to configure ROI metrics calculations, especially with IRR calculations. Updates to Timesheet reporting module; show the schedule hierarchy on the screen instead of hover text.

It could make setting up AD sync easier. I would like the ability to assign training to individual users instead of making them part of a group by clicking on them.

Need better tutorials

Navigation of the solution

Technical White Papers. API documentation. Customer Support

Automated emails - I like having them, but sometimes a user makes a change and it sends LOTS of emails

New hire on boarding can be easier. Report creating can be more user friendly. Auto integration with 401k provider.

Display information in a graph environment

Job title promotion inputs. Integrated modules. Roll up hierarchy. Speed. Reporting. Analytics. Security. Data quality

Connectors into other project mgmt tools. We constantly work with vendors who don't use monday.com and, for obvious reasons, will only use their tool. We need a bridge between the two. Not just one way, update on the side, let it update something real-time on our monday.com board. MS Project and Wrike are examples.

During implementation, I believe that the ICs need to have more conversations with the clients about current processes and changes that the clients would like to make. This would help the configuration process run a lot more smoothly. Communication amongst their own configuration/implementation team members- sharing documents, information, etc. Share more best practices with the clients during implementation.

Cash Management

In my experience, terrible communication. In my experience, extremely slow. In my experience, no recourse for customers when Melio makes errors

Agility. Speed

Veeam replication across sites is complicated and so far we haven't been able to implement it.

UI is basic and can be made more intuitive. Costly (with support). Managing and migrating physical and virtual workloads can be tricky

Better UI for smaller companies. Scaled-down pricing for smaller operations.

I wish that columns could have different titles on the same board. There should be sub/sub catergories

The workload view is not very customizable, for example you cannot collapse the allocation bars to a more condensed view. You cannot create placeholder assignees, like if I wanted to assign a task to a "TBD - Designer" if I did not have a specific individual in mind. Guests cannot even view the workload view

Seems like every couple months you have to provide reviews. Barebones - you have to know how to migrate your site

A brainstorming session on Miro can quickly get messy & cluttered. Some of the solutions they have are a search function and the ability to cut & paste multiple notes into Excel at once. Despite this the grouping & organizing of ideas requires a lot of manual work. If you forget to lock items participants WILL ALWAYS end up moving things they shouldn't. It takes some effort to input images and files. Its easy once you've learned but it does take time for new users. It would be amazing if Miro could take a whole Powerpoint presentation and input the individual slides automatically. Apologies if there is a way to do this.

a Tag overview would be helpful. the Licence Modell is not easy to understand. Release of individual boards without the rest of the boards being visible to this user

They really do a great job and are generally responsive.

Support for more telephone handsets is always welcome

Time to download reports could be enhanced. Incompatible with Excel formats. High costs.

UI can sometimes be challenging to learn and use. Occasional errors with posting. Cost is sometimes seen as too much for our business

option to present 2 tasks at a time

I think training is too intense. training is not in person. features are supposed to be user friendly but often arent

Personal to do list. Reminders. Schedule list

Improved mobile view options. De-bug timed items (which can disappear when mirroring on another board). Text cursor automatically flashing for update boxes, rather than requiring a second click (eg. when opening the pop up for linked files)

Real time updates sometimes take long to reflect when a team is collaborating on monday.com.

No, I think at least compared with other products, this ATTP server is really good.

Recruiting. Position Management

Become more of a messenger system like Slack or GChat. A few basic PM abilities are missing like "days off"

More connections with major software products. EDI feeds with HCM and HRIS systems

Communicating changes in states needs like codes used. Sometimes emails are vague and I don't know if I need to make a change on my end somewhere. The initial setup was unclear. There are some people who were exceptionally helpful like Roger Ingalsbe and some who were not helpful at all.

Table functionality feels quite clunky and limited compared to what's possible in MS Office. Permissions for Miro teams, projects, and boards can be confusing for new users (based on Enterprise version). We often find people need help understanding the difference between sharing a board and sharing an entire team a board, how & why they should use projects, and how to manage project permissions to give access to the right people.

I think the interface could be a little more aesthetically pleasing.

I am very happy with the product. Maybe we could pay a bit less

Hovering between Table cells is not good. Needs to be like Excel instead of Word. Bulk card creation feature is not fast and efficient. Tagging relevant team member in particular areas of the Card will be really helpful. But not present yet.

Simplify the reporting tool

Bluejeans meetings require strong internet connection to conduct business meetings. Bluejeans meetings does not support multiple languages. I like the fact that it has a very nice and very clear video and audio quality.

Audience Journey

For creating dashboard

the Opportunities dashboard was hard to customize for our use case. mandatory color orange interface not my favorite. some bugs (e.g. under "CHOOSE COLUMNS" can't use search bar to find an item)

the cost. the lack of support on new technology like Kubernetes. no docker

Latency. Documentation for new users. More customization needed. Benchamarking to other industries/verticals

More options with look backs for any earnings that affect the regular rate of pay for hourly employees. More options for reporting on detailed labor distribution details. More options for entering bonuses that are not done via Excel import

Tool is little hard to configure so need to be light to save resource consumption. Features are so in-depth that integrated guidance should be available to help the users on how to use. Graphical view can be improved to make it more convenient to understand the data representation.

An area to list where lead was found

As we grow, the pricing of additional modules looks like it will grow quickly. Keeping this low would encourage us to lean into more use cases faster. Changing employee salaries in the UI/UX was difficult the first time we learned how to do it. Expense management could be more automated - Automatically creating filters on approved or unapproved expenses rather than post-hoc review.

load times for bulk actions

Add comprehensive landing page builder. Add drag and drop functionality into emails. Improve UI/UX interface as the current one not very intuitive

Time control for people outside the team. The privacy control of guests could be more intuitive. If the creator of the task is not assigned to it, the @asignees tag won't send a notification to them

Resource usage - By this, I mean that the program could be "tuned" better to run smoother and be more responsive. Sometimes I get the feeling this program is heavier on computer resource usage than it should be. This is especially the case when using it as an integration embedded within another app.

Pull last and pull first from a table of aggregated numbers - this feature seems to break often. Providing a place to link documentation or embed video documentation.

Ability to customize training content

When logging in via a saved bookmark, sometimes it takes you to old data, then you need to click a few buttons to get the page updated again with the latest data. Cost while not over the top, it is still not cheap

Don't love the organization chart and diagram functionality

Plans. One should be able to add different columns headings in the same board

More country based content (Canada)

The available documentation and learning resources are not extensive enough. The tool lacks sufficient customization options for creating and managing test cases. Limited integration with other tools and platforms.

User Education. Outreach Events. Communication with Users

SDK can be improved. UI can be improved

Reporting

Campaign Lists view could handle large volumes of Campaign display better. The Structure of building templates and unsubscribe elements can be confusing

Time to respond to commands for admin side. doesn't work with TMobile

Being able to port data from other applications. More automation. Integrate AI software like chatgpt

Social media integration. Google Analytics integration. Ad performance reporting. Social media reporting

Mobile App is missing features that the web version has. Reinstalling NinjaOne on a PC that had NinjaOne before can be a pain. NinjaOne updates a lot (not bad but sometimes I experience short downtime)

we often experience glitches, preventing our call handlers to answer calls. glitches when logging out of MAX if not done correctly. We are expected to help figure out the reasons behind these glitches or do some for the work needed to fix it ourselves

Supply Chain Optimization. Quality Control

In the past we have lost two account representatives and not been informed in advance that they were leaving. In both cases, we didn't find out the rep was no longer working our cases until after emails had been unanswered for days. would be ideal if email could be sent as a group email to each admin at our company instead of one email per person. Makes it difficult to know who received which email and who didn't.

I have performance issues with the Dashlane mobile app, including slow loading times. Improvements in performance would benefit mobile users. I suggest improvements in the password sharing feature, including more flexible options such as setting time limits on access or providing read-only access for shared passwords. Providing users with more customisation options, such as personalization of dashboards, themes, or organisation of passwords based on individual preferences, could enhance user satisfaction.

Trending topics is an interesting idea, but I haven't yet found much use for it. Improvements with spelling and grammar check

Price

Provide more accurate answers in Ask a question

Call Quality. Workforce Management. System Glitch

Long-term pledge payments. Soft credit/attribution. Dashboard options.

Multi domains could be used in a more simplified way

Notifications

Interactive Invoices. It would be nice to send estimates or invoices that have buttons embedded that clients could approve from there. Their whole CRM emailing side. I know its in Beta but it would be nice to get that working really well.

The onboarding spreadsheet. Ensuring that all existing needs are 100% met. A bit more focused documentation specific to our implementation.

Copying line item details. Planning Maestro is good at copying large swathes of data, but copying single line items could speed up the process of adding new line item details. Speed up the refresh rate of the Analytics Maestro tool

Quiz scoring. Alerts and notifications. Training and Support

Being able to make individual checkbox fields that aren't linked to all the others easily - the process of either copying and then renaming them all individually or else creating a brand new checkbox each time (especially if having to resize it and wanting them all to be consistent) is tedious and time-consuming. The ability of Adobe to 'read' and auto-generate form field boxes off Word/Excel templates - often misses what I would consider quite obvious fields.

AP Automation with multiple entities. Having the ability to see if you've attached a document in the credit card transactions screen without opening up each document. Being able to make AR invoices from any entity instead of just our master entity

Stability. High-Availability. Maintenance without downtime. Linux instead of Windows for the VBR

lag on updates. Some carriers don't show delivery updates on Monday. Sometimes do slow movements on items.

It would be interesting to have the option to separate content for beginner users from complex content for advanced users

Pricing per words instead of uses (invocations).  Mobile app (Android)

Can Improve on making the upload feature easier. Needs to promote their stats function better. Having a built in payroll module would be nice as well.

Dashboards are a bit basic and would be good if it integrated a BI product into it

size of field names and alt structure values needs to be larger. Need to be able to add custom information to the USER records. customer success center tends to be only links. I understand the problem with recreated text, but it does get distracting when I have to click on several links to get to the information that I need. Often, before I get to what I'm trying to find, I get distracted by other links.

Shadow of remote sessions. Health Check on client OS - allow only supported OS if above certain patch level

Allow subitems to take in the due date of the parent item

Integration between platforms like Paycor recruiting. One on one customer support scheduling. Ease of Reporting. Some items seem like they could be useful, but not sure of the purpose - like job descriptions. Process for promotions?

RSC can get out of sync sometimes.

Integration with existing envirnoment is bit complex. Need Improvements in user interface design and user experience. Scalability required for large and complex envirnoment

Low cost training/education platforms needed for small companies/individuals

Pricing for companies with a small but very distributed workforce. Customer service

More analytics/insights on devices. Random authentication requests. Authentication timeouts (due to your device being slower than the next person)

Make image management a little easier to manage

The way the reports are being developed on BI

Miro is very straightforward to use, and I can't think of anything that frustrates or bothers me

Search function is hard to use. Max display row setting impacts max output row. Not easy to get support

I used to be able to "flip" a call from my desk to my cell and vise versa. Don't see that feature anymore. easier way to send text messages to more than one person

Styling of boards

It could expand some drill down capabilities.

overall view of retention. error details from within the dashboard rather than logs

I would love to see some AI features regarding the logic of workflows. When editing a field with standard answers, would be awesome to always have the option to type in to add a new possible standard answer directly within the field itself without having to go edit the property in settings and then go back. Texting functionality at lower price point

The phone app could have a better interface. Add more interaction with other applications. Best native templates

Make the functions a little easier to use (example sum, add, divide, etc). More tutorials. Faster response time from support

Ability to upload mp3 files. Multiple facilitators for one course. Ability to take notes on the platform

Requirement Mapping is one of the challenge. Sometimes the App works very slow. Expensive

Quiz was very hard, it took me twice to pass it, but I have heard some still have not. Seems to be a very difficult set up, I would recommend finding a way to make it more user friendly. The platform is designed to captue most processes. As an OpX guy I would like to see an easy to use sandbox that could be saved and distributed - like a visio stand alone document. Easy to create and allow for great detail to identify opportunities. Otherwise I would not use it for daily use as there is no value stepping through a detailed set up when I am looking to quickly map something.

Lacks predictive analytics for sales forecasting. we are missing this feature to predict customer behavior, sales and lead scoring. this all would help us in decision making. integration complexity, We often face integration complexities with other third party tools such as salesforce. if possible offer pre build connectors that help and ease integeration

Contacts are outdated and no longer with the company. Revenue is not accurate

Connection. Notifications. Organization of schedule.

Some of the menus could be updated and made more intuitive.

The main obstacle we had was that the SAP Customer Data Platform offers numerous products, features, and use cases, so the learning curve was steep, but we were able to adapt to its functionality with the assistance of our account managers.

Custom Reporting. Sometimes takes a while to load new pages. Roles and Workflows - sometimes complex - when trying to expand use case - need for a consultant

Have a more robust email feature. Native connection with Drive. Email Automations

UI. AI. User engagement. New feature. Compete with workday. Mobile features to improve. Integration improvement. Language support in reporting. Good bash boards. Reporting improvements. Expensive

Expenses - Could use a way to track mileage on app while driving. Reporting - Make it easier to make custom reports

The application sometimes falls flat compared to the website. Mirroring boards could be more streamlined. Automations

A lot of their competitors offer freebies, like Google ads credit or 1 year free SSL and stuff like that. I understand that for a small company that's a big cost, but wouldn't hurt for them to enter in a partnership with someone and offer things like this.

More specific filters. More options to find recent searches

Price

10 GE is mandatory, I think in some environment 1 Gbps could be used. Entry ticket is high, but once you growth, it is reduced. Lack of end user laptop support (officially)

Sometimes it takes the remote control agent some time to connect. Reporting could be improved

Migration of backup jobs from one storage option to another would be ideal. More specific information when a backup job has grown excessively compared to other backups over time

communication - project manager didn't contact us for 3 weeks after purchase agreement was signed. more transparency on their purchase agreements with what installation dates will be

Ability to add Comments/Notes with Files. No editing available for files. No Project management capability

Training for managing the console is mostly offered through test-based web pages. You will probably only use a fraction of what KnowBe4 is capable of. When you ask KnowBe4 for knowledge of how to use a feature, they usually send you a link to a text-based webpage that may, or may not solve the issue.

Recruiting. Assistance. A concierge type service to recommend best practices

Lacks a dark mode for users when setting up campaigns. Lots of options but can be overwhelming to find the specific ones you want. Lack of transparency on where AI-created materials come from

It would be nice for some more commonly used email clients to be added to the list of previews as some that we work with are not available.

Easier report to access wrike tasks assigned to you. Too many buttons to choose from and it can sometimes seem cluttered with information you are looking at

Having pay effective date changes. In prior systems I would update a pay with an effective date and that would transfer to the time cards. This system if I update pay the timecards reflect updated pay through the last archived date. Makes it a little confusing. PTO and Hourly rates- the system does not look at a 40 hour work week for hourly employees. If someone has worked 36 hours and then uses 8 hours of PTO on a Friday the system then calculates it as 36 hours regular pay and 4 hours pto. Prior systems would reduce the regular pay to 32 hours and keep PTO at 8. I have to manually change this when I run payroll. Shift premium and PTO/Overtime- If a night shift employee uses PTO on a Friday with the same 36 hours issue, the overtime will go to the day shift rate rather than stay at the night shift time. The system shouldn't be looking at the PTO for OT calculation. Navigating forms. They removed the bar at the top of the page with an arrow/drop down menu to a side bar. The side bar is less efficient in my opinion. I have to click on the bar to be able to change which function I'd like to use. The top navigation was better.

I generally feel that any challenges I experience are due to the vast flexibility the platform has. My gut tells me that my minor issues are actually a result of certain functionality needing to be there to meet the needs of other customers, and it's not Litmos' fault that my specific workflow doesn't fit exactly into their functionality. It's a matter of me determining how I can update my workflow to fit the feature set.

a little learning curve. a litte bit of hard to install if there are problems on the network that arises.

No root access to an RDS instance. MySQL databases max out available storage quickly. UAT and PROD version of identical databases don't allow duplicate naming.

data compression

We can see the bot and the digital side is growing at the moment, but there are still a couple of gaps that we think about. So as I say, every customer comes through our bot, but we don't have an easy way of exporting what they're actually telling us. We can see a snippet throughout the day and we can retrieve, I believe, 250 of the most recent things, but we get about 3,000 calls a day. It's a snapshot of what we're actually getting. It's the analytics piece that we'd like to see enhanced a bit.

Some of the page layouts are clunky, especially the crew list page. LASSO Crew has a calendar feed that can link to gcal, iCal, etc but it’s very limited and doesn’t reliably update the calendar when the schedule changes. I would like it to push automated clock-in/clock out alerts to my team. I can set these up manually by scheduling messages but it is a very cumbersome process.

Loading files preview. Tags for projects. Color folders

Differently. Integration with custom built data science models, that would be beautiful. It isn't that like things like Sensei are not good. They're very good, but they're black box. And so if there's a suggestion that's given and it's wrong, it's not defensible. So if it allowed an open architecture or some type of integration with Python or R models, Jupiter Notebooks, other kinds of things that would augment what it generates that would allow a concept of challenger versus champion models to compete. And to understand, that way you can almost like test yours against theirs and improve that way.

integration of multiple services. some udf should be provided on it. costing is little high.

Churn scores are tough to nail down. You really have to be a pro and know the ins and outs of each feature to get full usage. Code

They could help us setup our company better since we have a subscription. They could do routine overviews of client accounts to see where we can be more efficient with their products. This may bring you more money if you know of something we could use better. 1 client rep not a whole team of random reps

More updates from the accounts grid view. Ability to restrict sub roles by entity. ability for users to use if then logic on import definitions

Advanced editing possibilities in template

integration with other tools. notifications. costs

More merchants. Marketing activations from brands. Better discount rates at select long tail brands

Limited Query flexibility in comparison to SQL. Expensive for huge workloads. Complexity increases as workloads increased, making it difficult to optimize. Data size limitations

Color and shape differentiation. General user interface could be more accessible. For larger organizations, Miro is only accessible through Teams or other third-party applications. Having an extension through which it is connected but can operate outside of teams would be beneficial

Setting up your work space and boards initially can be a bit confusing. Also it's not as great on mobile

integrate AI for formulas

Usability and User Experience. Customization and Flexibility. integration and compatibility. Enhance Machine learning and Analytics

More possibilities to use Topdesk on mobile devices. On the operator side a search engine which searches over all modules

Details explanation of the error when validate the transactions can be provided rather than a short error code or phrase that can reduce the time used for fixing the transactions. It could invest in more comprehensive training resources to minimize the time it takes for user to become proficient users of the platform. Improving the ability to handle non-standard transactions or exceptions that can enhance its effectiveness.

Sometimes, we may wish to take it back, which is not possible. The accumulated score does not reset over a period of time.

At this time only one CRM integration is allowed, Salesforce or D365 or others. However, you can use APIs to send data from more than one system so you can still bring in that data.

Folders containing many blocks can cause significant performance issues. Updating the underlying technology for Find could open up doors to more modern search solutions.

Firstly, their user interface is outdated and can be upgraded to meet the new age. Also, reduction in software upgrade time, it is often time-consuming. The reporting functionality requires a new age upgrade too.

Ability to create & access in app reporting. Better administration of setting up & updating user access to boards

Need to improve in call centre environment. Able to see who is on the call. Need to have detail system log

Report Building is a VERY time intensive module. You cannot "find" your way through any report building with Sage Intacct. You must be taught and even then, you may need professionals to build the reports for you. Sage Intacct is not intuitive or user-friendly, there is a basic level of training that needs to happen as opposed to other programs that walk you through as you go and intuit needs and save info. Everything in Sage Intacct is a deliberate choice.

An easier way to share information between users. A way to allow for multiple administrators

I'd like to see it ring to just one main line and then hop to the phone tree after three ring no answer. I wish the texting option was online a bit faster, this would alleviate our need to keep using work mobile phones. I think the various training courses could be organized a bit better - it was a bit confusing to figure out the order to take the courses, where to find them, and such

Pricing. Limited Query Capabilities. Global Tables Complexity

Introducing it to beginners. Ability to stay logged on from multiple devices. App response speed on iOS can be better

The Cisco Meraki product line and especially the MXs is great in their functionality where they make it really easy to use and really simplify a lot of things. I do feel that some of the more advanced features that some bigger organizations really need are lacking the ability to still have access to a command prompt to do custom configurations and stuff like that.

Planview Integration with Power Apps is area of improvement. Planview Trainings need to be more frequent

Clarity on what locations are included. Merged views - several markets combined

Maybe some sort of icon addition/highlighted text in the sidebar that denotes projects/tasks assigned to me? It would be great to see that at a glance rather than clicking through the projects.

I think the color on the product, maybe changing it or having a cause when you put it in a rack and then all you have is silver ones, you know, maybe some type of different color scheme, that way you pull ahead. I don't know, just like a simple face plate change that you can change out for look, kind of.

Implementation. Help on Sage's side. More training.

Experro can provide advanced analytics features within the platform to gain deeper insights into website performance and user engagement. While Experro offers a range of powerful features, there are a couple of areas where I see potential for improvement. Firstly, its frontend template library is somewhat limited; it could provide a wider variety of options. Experro currently lacks automation capabilities, which could significantly eliminate manual efforts.

Astra DB might be difficult to understand for people who are unfamiliar with Apache Cassandra. Improving the initial experience for newcomers, as well as offering better documentation and lessons, might be advantageous. The Astra DB ecosystem may be enhanced by expanding the ecosystem of plugins, integrations, and community-contributed solutions.

I honestly can't find anything wrong with KnowBe4.

Misleading offers. Poor customer response. lack of follow-up

The SAP CDP dashboard shows real-time results and data for each campaign, but the information is a bit difficult to understand without more context or explanation. Since we often rely on consultants to explain the numbers to us, I would appreciate if the dashboard were a little easier to understand on our own.

more or better benefit options; like UHC. better pricing on benefits

Flexibility and customization in GIF Flows in Help Portal. More themes or capability to upload our branding themes in portal. Ability to Parse Email Parameters link Phone and Address from the raised ticket or other custom tracking event

diferent column structure in diferent groups at the same board

The program can run pretty slowly at times

in general, just having better and the most up to date information on a company or its employees.

I would say quality management. At the moment with the Genesys product, in order to be able to use data linked to the evaluation of interactions, we need to first build a whole data architecture with APIs, from Genesys to an external database. We need to do all of that in order to be able to extract feedback that we can give to agents. By investing more in the availability of feedback, we'll be able to quickly cascade important information and improve our level of service.

Would be great to be able to share a larger version with people without Miro accounts. Better presentation mode. More boards

Language translations

Onboarding 2 and ECP

We can get online experience and user behavior patents on websites and apps, but it doesn't stitch the data to something we want. We wanted to stitch the online data to in-store sales data or just the 360 view of customers is one of the lags and Adobe doesn't also have a DEXA analysis. It's more like heat mapping to see how users tend to navigate within the page. We use Adobe Analytics mainly for page loads and clicks on the website, but we don't know like zonings and things like that on the page. Adobe Analytics doesn't have the ability to integrate with other solutions, like in-house solutions, such as data platforms and data lakes, and where we want to bring in data into Adobe when it's a huge data set.

Better time tracking system for time spent on projects

Overseeing project progress. Resource allocation - seeing staff workloads. Some reports are lacking

Chat notifications can easily be missed because alerts and notifications do not always appear

Expanding to provide use cases for specific orgs. AI incorporation

Mobile dashboard is missing. local language support. cost considerations

When we upgraded to Enterprise, it would be great if we would be able to get Agent UI. The current version does not have the best front-facing functionality.

Mobile experience. Asset organization. Notifications — standalone page, customizable email templates…

More automation in uploading payments

No training. I am just learning as I go. Too many reports to streamline. Suppose you could narrow down the options.

Make a way to go to a true full screen view. Don't automatically go to my inbox on startup. Easier way to organize/shape rows and columns.

For features that clients are generally going to 3rd party vendors, it would be nice if SuccessFactors could develop that more on their own. This would help from a cost perspective to organizations that might be affiliated with the public sector or non-profit to get best use out of the system while still maintaining cost effectiveness

Presentation transcribing. PDF viewer.

As per my experience till now, no areas of improvement. But would definitely like to share feedback again if i come across any such area where improvement is required in the future.

Creating reports from scratch using report designer requires an advanced knowledge of the program and is too time consuming

There is a feature within groups where an admin of a group can add a resource, but cannot pin the resource. Only the hub admin can go in to pin the resource. It would be preferable to allow group admins to perform that function.

I think training and ease of use. There's a very large learning curve. I think getting some of our marketers up and running on Marketo takes typically a very long process just to get them fully trained on even just sending emails. It's one of the more difficult ESPs I've ever used. It functions great and it has a lot of features available, but just learning all of those features takes a lot of time. I'm a power user and I've been on the product for six years now and there's still a lot about the product that I don't know and that I'm still learning. So I think you just have to have a very technical mindset to be able to use the product when a lot of people are more marketers and just not used to doing some more customizable really tech oriented roles.

the merger the call. can not define whom is calling

Slow or lags and seems to have issues but they are communicated when things happen. Have the ability to create Folders in Folders for different projects under the same client. Automation seems to fail and has to be reset even if it shows as being active still

More individual adaptation abilities within user access

In my experience, setup of program is very cumbersome. Multiple Consultants sessions are required at an additional cost to demonstrate how it could be setup. A more in-dept, strategic approach would be better then try and see approach. Programming changes to the program cause issues in daily usage. In my opinion, Support is lacking. Tickets can be submitted but many times the issue is not clearly understood. I think it would resolve issues more quickly to speak with someone rather than weeks of back and forth.

can be slow to load leads. i would like to be able to see what other people are doing on there like in other spreadsheets

Would be nice if the linux bits did not complain as much about wanting to be immutable. Would be nice to have a backup method for the main backup server to be able to restore from a data location like any other machine. It would be nice if things would be a little more integrated into one client vs. having a client for backup, client for veeam one, enterprise manager, etc.

More custom and advanced features

HR&Payroll. Can't future date things or it will impact current payroll. In my experiene, cannot manipulate or customize Performance Management as much as I want to. When I future assign some annual reviews, they don't always get launched by the system. Customer Service. When I call in, they don't always know what they're talking about. I don't usually trust their answers. Our benefits are through Bswift, a third party subsidiary that integrates with Paylocity. These two departments don't talk to each other and will often send me on a wild goose chase to see who is handling what.

Not cost-effective. Not an easy integration. Not user-friendly

Would love to see monday.com integrate with my CRM

Communication notifications. Email triggers/business rules. Customizing UI to allow for branding

Provide network access for users. Segregate network traffic. Manage secure access for authorized users and devices

Control performance can be improved, specially for .Net. Reporting controls can have ML algorithms inbuild into them

having subitems mirror the item in terms of columns and data

Litmus goes through previews too quickly, doing full sets in builder when you need to focus on just one platform. Litmus could offer preview for web browsers. Litmus plug in for Salesforce should be supported on all plans

automatic updates for interface program ( free layout plus)

It is not very intuitive, took a bit of a learning curve. It can be somewhat wonky to edit the colors and layout of templates. The Mac hand gestures on the track pad and be a little off. Takes a particular touch to navigate well.

AI Writing: This is a new feature, and in comparison to alternatives it's poor both from a pricing and result perspective. Monthly Pricing: Surfer used to a clear value for money solution, it's somewhat pricing out solo-operators with the current pricing model. Backlinks: Surfer does have a backlink crawler, but it's quite limited

Lowered Cost. Scalability

syncing the calendar from outlook to managing it from monday.com. escorting the monday.com main user for better implementation at the organization. more guidence for users with automation or any other usage of the platform and all the aspects of the technyc every-day usage

Documentation. Build more ready to user features on React UI

Faster output time. Local characters (Vietnamese, Tamil). Support more file formats.

Integration with apps such as Adobe Creative Suite

Integration with On-Prem. Access to more APIs in the apps section. Improving API actions.

It's hard finding new people with the required knowledge. It seems expensive.

The dashboards are helpful as a group, individually we don't use them. Probably just an extra, but with AI, how can Ai be used to improve the platform?. Be cool to have Wrike be our one stop platform for everything. We currently use slack, for communication, and zoom for video calls.

it works fine for what I need it do do

More content at the lower tiers. You shouldn't have to pay for the highest tier to get the best content. Default Dashboard should be to the training content for all users. Admins should have to choose to see the Admin Dashboard should they need that view. Users should be able to enter more information on their own. Currently the admin has to update any phone number or organizational information instead of the user doing it.

task ordering by priority (I think partly possible in table view but very clunky). seeing information on a history of status changes and who applied these for all users. less frequent design updates that completely reshape the UX

They are unable to fix about anything through their tech support. They can't go into the backend of their program to see what you experience which makes for a lot of back and forth and them rarely ever being able to address a support issue. Not compatible with Safari for published training and have to go through an app with smartphone. Login emails unreliable..over 25% of my users constantly reported not getting them or they go to spam; not sure why, but on other platforms I've used this has never been an issue.

Probably the business model overall, if you sign up for content syndication, this is a database building exercise, you can't contact these leads as oddly they don't remember the content they've downloaded

Free trial is very short. Pricing plans are hard to understand. Mobile app could be better

Planning Instagram layout. Creating Facebook albums. Facebook events

issues between Sage Intacct and integration with Salesforce specially with billing

UI can be improved. Easy usable SDK

Will be a bit difficult for someone who doesn't know CQL. Complex queries will be a challenge to perform. Will take some time to get used to if you're new to distributed systems.

Limited Reporting. Doesn’t integrate with Microsoft

Calibration of number specific ratings could be added with a big scale. We use EXEL to fill this need. Would like to add company-wide goals and tie them to my individual performance goals. Performance and goal evaluation functionality that is more focused on operators and shop floor workers

Little more flexibility with the employee self service for employees who refuse to use it.

A bit more flexibility in the chat functionality. Users expect emoji reactions and replies because they have been trained by Slack and WhatsApp. Clearer structure and information about what falls under each price plan

Sometimes scheduled posts fail to send. Copy customization across accounts, not just channels type

API for comunication (WhatsApp). Employee points. Real time actions ( doing a task directly at monday, like ¨share screen¨)

clarity in how to add people on boards

Automation could be improved. Reporting. Custom Icons. More functionalities in custom fields

Clawbacks can be confusing. handling of exceptions

A GUI for Linux would be welcome.

Uploaded graphics could be easier to view and access for future use. Email campaign editor could use some improved UI and functionality. Tools, features and functions can be a little hard to figure out on your own the first time through

Interaction with Teams, it is improving but would like more. Analyzing input on a board to group say postits and create word clouds of other form of analytics based on what is present. Improve adaptation journey, it isn't bad but would need a bit more

Cloud Payroll. SF owned Benefits Module. complex Time Management System

Succession planning. 360 reviews. Employee listening surveys

Nothing as such. Tool needs maturity

the only thing I wish that Veeam would do is the ability to combine all services in one platform. We have another backup solution we use for on prem backups to an offline cloud backup source. I wish Veeam had a solution like this, they are implementing Azure resources for backups currently and store in AWS so there is a separation of where data is stored and is offline with ransomware protection. Maybe one day.

Miro app requires a lot of computer resources. SSO authentication is not easy

Automations, specifically regarding connect boards. Multi-select too has a 500 limit which is frustrating. We have had to use PowerBI because of monday.com's limited reporting functions.

Animation (would love to be able to record and play animation back)

The way analytics are set up can be a bit confusing and clunky. Not being able to target things in the email flow (eg custom objects, etc). Marketo send times can delay quite a bit at times

automation for tags. faster loading time for widgets, views, dashboards. more automation for due dates/overdue dates to increase visibility into completion rates

Integration with 3rd party systems. Workflow customisations should be simpler. Code Changes and deployment workflows should simplified

Difficult to identify which text to reuse if the text is used in many places. Filter columns in a table

Just one issue is some of the buttons or icons I have to guess what they do

Product Development

During the open enrollment period, they are unreasonable about next year's benefit information. It would be nice if the payroll information would be updated immediately upon completing the payroll process instead of the next day.

Reporting is based on the assumption that end-users will log into the web-friendly tool, so it does not currently provide export capabilities to all user classes as well as email report functionality. Resource inventory reporting is limited to certain services and certain fields; however, Apptio seems to be working to develop out this solution more. Rightsizing is limited to EC2, RDS, EBS, S3, and Redshift. It would be nice to see ELB, Gateways, and other services identified for optimization. Limited ability to track custom savings opportunities within the tool so that you can build KPI's off progress or lack of progress.

Provide better ways to be able to access raw data from the platform without the need of APIs or custom reports. With more and more users working remotely, have the platform more friendly with Wifi connections. A lot of connection and audio issues occur due to being connected to the internet via wifi. It's not ideal for everyone to be connected via ethernet cable. Have the ability to get contact detail reports past 90 days.

upload speed. can't pause the backup on one pc and restart it on another

Currently there is nothing I would change.

Live user support. Providing relatable user cases for a company. Helpful user hints within each interface (instead of within community)

Being able to modify who gets alerts. I have different jobs setup and I don't need everyone getting alerts that don't pertain to them. Better support with the SQL plugin TOOL. Seems to need more documentation on it. Being able to join a call rather then emailing back and forth

Costing. Mobile Engagement. Customer Behaviour Reports

Lagging of information. Errors within onboarding. Reporting functionality

Could be faster

Cost is really high and pricing models are not flexible for small scale organization. Limitations in terms of customizing reports and dashboards in case the organization has unique requirements. Integration with other systems related to payroll or databases is quite complex where users face difficulties with data mapping and consistency

Additional automation I would like to see includes adding sublines automatically when something happens. Allowing groups in one board to have different fields. Dashboard - ability to get more granular with data (time to fill by recruiter etc)

Pricing can be made simpler. More integrations can be added

Finding users/machines could be easier. Rather use an authenticator thank 2fa

I can't recall right now what some of the specific details were. But I do know that whenever our team member that manages monday.com reached out for help, he got it!

Would like to be notified when tasks are ready for review. Need more visibility into what templates are available and how they work best. Would like to have a way to force preparers to review system certified recons at least 2x a year

Better visual interface. Speed

Units of measurement

Calling the text. Robot voice of text to landlines, not mine. Opt Out, landline, can't receive needs more detail

SAP Learning doesn't have a very robust reporting capability- which is necessary for a regulated industry such as Biotech/Pharma. Reports, that are easily accessible and provide the information necessary for audits is critical. However, it does not offer that easily.

Customizability by individuals. integration to google calendar (if not available)

Physically moving posts around the calendar was a bit janky

It would help if we could nest files and folders more. Would be nice if it had more editing capabilities. Would be great if structure would be more similar to other word processors

Photo crop tool doesn’t always work correctly. More folder organization would be nice. Hashtag recommendations would be nice

It is quite costly solution compared to others. some features need detailed documenatation. except above 2 points everything is fine

Time format. Being able to customize layout and appearance

Sometimes some other country clients are not able to give the outputs as the language issue. So if translator type thing can be modified into an existing one. Mobile app is not that much effective to use as per my experience. Miro can be modified into a more user-friendly application in terms of sticky note size,how to write n how to place how to organize the flows

Invoices tracking. Currency tracking. Persona tracking

Loom can definitely join the AI trend and evolve the system to do other things and support businesses. Loom can improve service quality, it happens sometimes that we record videos and these do not work or don't move past the processing phase. Better storage and user experience when navigating previous videos. we rarely use it and i think they can do more with it. Like building company spaces or something.

More data exposure/insights available via the interface. Scheduled reporting functionality within the Enterprise SKUs. Improved service integration capabilities in services that have been in play for some time (Google)

update user interface. combine some features to make it easier. use AI to understand the process

More customization with text and placement. Better folder organization. Easier to read fonts and folders

A web-based client would be nice. Price could be more affordable.

Usermodel. Pricing

Setting up for the first time will take time - possibly more setup wizards for jobswould help

This is more a user problem, but I find I can have very messy miro boards, and at times I'm not sure the best way to organise them - have everything in one project or create several projects for different tasks?. I would like the ability to add larger images, as at times I have screenshots of web pages and Miro doesn't accept them past a certain pixel dimention.

Missing a “Notes” function for keeping track of notes. Missing a messaging function to send messages that aren’t related to a specific work item. Missing ability to automate project status updates based on specific custom item types

Unless you had a primary user license, notifying the support team of an issue during a webinar was difficult. Recording audio slide to slide for on-demand webinars was sometimes wonky.

First-time users can be a bit overwhelmed. Incorporating a new database can be easier.

I'd like to have the ability to purchase 4K without having to ramp up the subscription to the next level. I only need 4K but none of the other features of the next level plan.

Easier navigation to undo mistakes. Easier to use dashboard widgets

Schedule page can be a little easier to navigate. Having the option to be on a waitlist on the app so it can be added to your schedule if you can go in to the session. Have the option to use Face ID to get into app after initial login.

The interface is a bit overwhelming. I'd to see that streamlined.

The only improvement could be the interface

We had a bug present for many months before a fix was implemented. Better integration with Azure functionality would be a plus

I get notifications for every thing.

Cost. It could offer more advanced content personalization options. For instance, the ability to dynamically generate content blocks within emails or landing pages based on a lead's specific interests or past interactions would take personalization to the next level

Cosmetics changes on the Invoices even if the books are closed

The support team need to be proactive. There are many occasion where professional service team and TBA have disconnect. Little more branding and focus on customer satisfaction will be added advantage

option to remove Default templates to avoid committing errors. Once we modify the invoices with minor changes without impacting the invoice value, once again we need to book the revenue if the period is open in system. Can have more reports that can be modified

It's quite expensive. So many old user are there who're not available in the market. Strings are hard to build

It is a multi-step process to see to-do list. Hard to identify key initiatives from lower priorities at a glance. Filtering projects is unclear. Searching initiatives requires too much specific knowledge of what you’re looking for

Would love the ability to break certain board down into sub sub items. Can sometimes crash and cause loss of data while inputting information. Sometimes if two or more people are updating a board at the same time, it will not update in real time for the other users and we end up doing double work

Changes have been made to the licensing model, and it has not always been clear to us how these changes affect our usage and costs. It would be beneficial if Veeam could provide more detailed and user-friendly information about licensing terms, pricing structures, and any modifications to ensure that users have a clear understanding of what is required and what they are entitled to. Improved transparency in this regard would help us effectively plan and budget for our data management needs and reduce any potential confusion or uncertainty surrounding licensing.

Recruitment. Integration with salesforce

"My Work" doesn't need to contain all the canceled items - makes it confusing. Subitems in lists are sometimes visibly unappealing - unsure how to fix this one. Calendars - we use for social media- if I accidentally click off the box while I'm typing it erases all the information, and I have to start completely over

BOT automation on updating of attributes. Interface

While the product has many strengths, one area that could be improved is allowing multiple users to edit a page simultaneously.

0 day local retention of VMs. It keeps atleast one copy of VM on local brik. No way to assign a specific encryption key for a specific VM. Some Disk Consolidation and Deduplication issues.

It would be nice to convert an email into a task in monday.com

Needing to click through layers to edit nested blocks seems inefficient. Projects can get messy as it is easy for unintended items to get added to a project. Shared blocks are a great feature, but we run into issues where users use a block not understanding that it is shared and edit the block, resulting in wrong content in sections of the site.

Grainularity. Access cli on web ui. More clear way on creating custom dynamic applications

Content management - aging of documentation. Organization and representation of boards - hundreds of boards are hard to manage

Credit card donations don't always deposit at once, making it hard to decipher which credit card batch was deposited on which date. There's no easy aspect of creating tribute letters outside of an Excel format spreadsheet. Even then, aspects required tend to be missing.

Allowing group owners to scan assets. There is an occasional false positive

no possibility to print a clear overview of your board or part of your board (bad resolution, too tiny)

Showing a linkage between customer journey, processes and underlined tech infra/products

Allocations. Importing simplicity. More granular permissions

More selections are always welcomed. More selections for up-to-date threats. Quick campaign ideas, kind of like a quick survey, to see if people are aware of certain threats

Easier to get back to projects based on notifications

It would be great to be able to create flow charts to help people move around a big board. Video calling capabilities

Table formatting can be a bit finicky and is limited (e.g. there's not filer for headers). Searching the Miroverse is a bit difficult. Often hard to find exactly what you're looking for. For some reason, when you have a table in a frame, you can't lock all the objects together.

All of the technical improvement requests that we have raised with Bloomreach have been actioned, they are very good at actioning on recommendations from customers.

the user interface would like to see it more interactive (eg. when I want to adjust a list in the dashboard, I have to do it in the search box instead of directly in the list). news collection (eg. I see one source about patents quite often, but it's not that useful for me. tried to turn it off, but did not succeed). trending transcript topics (more integration, eg. two separate topics of "supply constraints" and "supply chain pressure" should be combined?)

Multimedia texting. Easier 3 way calling or conference calling. Ability to connect and integrate with SF

Ticketing. Whilst the ticketing system works, it is fairly basic compared to specific ticketing solutions. Some improvements here would be great. Remote Management - granular options on accounts. You are unable to have some clients or systems which do not require a password for remote access, whilst having this set for other clients/accounts. This makes it a problem if you want to use the remote management component on servers where there is no one available to approve access. Better "built in" remote access software. Whilst the base remote access software works and that the system integrates with larger remote management vendors, some improvements to the remote management component would be beneficial

Getting into the nitty gritty, then--the articles/Help Center has improved vastly in two years and I believe that will continue. however, there are still some shortcomings/missing features and functionality. For example, there's no built-in grammar check (it does spell check, but can't detect usage mistakes). I'd also like the Help Center/articles feature to allow direct access to the HTML/CSS for quick edits of content created using the WYSIWYG editor. You can't control the font at all, other than applying broadly defined styles like H1, H2, H3, or H4. (For example, there's no control over font size, color, or background color/highlighting, although they have recently added some handy support for handsome plug-and-play callouts.). The outbound messaging feature--at least using the "Email" module--has a much more restrictive feature set compared to the Help Center/articles editor. I get the impression it's just not caught up yet. The Help Center/articles feature doesn't play nice with other popular text editors. If I copy and paste from an Intercom article into a Google Doc, for example--which is often necessary--the result is a train wreck of styling failures. Very much of the document styling, white space, table structure where applicable, image sizes, about half the RTF---the whole thing comes off completely wrong. I end up having to spend extra time reformatting the content for the benefit of the intended audience, just to avoid appearing as (more of ) a nincompoop when internal stakeholders review my content.

progress percentage notification. custom automation help/support

Performance analytics is lacking. API Extensibility

I would like more assistance in setting up more pieces of onboarding and offboarding. I would also like to have more assistance with templates and have more help creating them for use.

I would like if there was a way to dismiss requirements (notes or receipt) for certain users or transcations. More prepopulated reports. More widgets on standard dashboard

System slowness at times. Issues with duplicate contacts. Seemingly unresolvable sync errors w/ SFDC

Changing greeting for main phone that customers can hear

version update alert feature should be improve. Syslog server connectivity Alerts should be popup. Email alerting should be improve. Bandwidth of log ingestion should be improve

Some Fake candidates. Some times slow. Otherwise all good

Add references. Update effectively if needed. Add suggestion

attachment of PDF file. Uploading video on text. reply on particular conversation should be like WhatsApp you reply on particular line

2nd Party App Integrations. New Feature Roll Out

Tracking request submission to a specific month can get tricky. Sometimes takes a little extra effort to match an email request to the correct request in the interface. Continue to promote your academy and upcoming learning opportunities

Inbuilt calculator for use with numbers columns - would be useful when forecasting revenue and needing to reallocate amounts to a timeframe. Continue to build out the training resources and learning pathways a la Salesforce.

The ELD’s are great but we’ve recently had issues with them disconnecting. We’re hoping updated models will fix the issue. Customer support isn’t always the easiest to deal with or understand.

As system administrators, it’s hard when tools are not on the front end. Operating without a partner is ideal to move faster and ensure the configuration aligns with the business. Particularly some areas in PM. Redesigning permission layout within manage templates to allow for a better view of what’s currently permissioned would be a huge help

more Layer 3 features. enhanced management and configuration options. more industrial protocols and connectivity options

I'd like to be able to download dashboards as PPT, not only PDF or spreadsheet

More font options when users reply on threads. GIFs are available on the desktop and iPhone app. Adding to-do lists that users can cross out or check off when completed.

Better access to tax advisors for those who have ASO/PEO

Dashboard - current analytics are very high level pass, consider, fail - would like a more detailed breakdown of reasons why consider / fail aggregated in an easy to view format. Speed consistency - sometimes Onfido checks are very fast, sometimes it takes a lot longer. OCR - we had issues with OCR data quality and had to add a step for users to verify information captured via OCR from Driver's Licenses.

The spelling correction feature sometime takes a while to identify and highlight any errors in my grammar. The Main workspace bar on the left should allow for categorizing of the dashboards. For example, it would be nice to be able to assign a unique color folder. An option to pin and move around the folders and highlight them would help. Currently, I have to scroll all the way down on our folder list in order to get to my main workspace.

It's slow on slow machines. It's a bit of a resource hog. It could go even further and add some intelligence and direction to it's wonderful analytics. No reason it couldn't provide recommendations. I am still finding features I love on this application. You could say thats a good thing, but isn't kind of a bad thing -- i have used it so much!

sometimes we got lost between all the detailed functionalities (too granular)

It can cost a lot if not optimized properly. Lack of aggregation functions. Can be hard to learn for users who have no experience in NoSQL.

Well for Miro Board with lot of contents it usually takes lot of time to load. We have whole PI Planning on Miro board with lot of contents and images. Sometimes there is confusion on the select tool whether the hand tool is selected or the edit tool and so there are unwanted changes made.

Sometimes a little too open ended. Integrations can have a learning curve.

Glitches are frequent. Better initial training

Required fields. Site navigation. Email correspondence

Feels like Chorus at times will inconsistently join calls. At times can inconsistency record calls as well

Tables can be too wide so need to side scroll. would love for the search to show similar words (in cases of misspellings). sends too many emails

Add more templates. Make arrow positioning more accurate. Response times for shape add, etc. could be quicker

Restrictions. Permissions. Mobile app

Well I found the user interface quite simple and easy to get along with but what irritating is that you need separate apps for meetings like whenever I am trying to create a meeting from Webex meet, they are transferring me to play store to download another app. I think integrating all the feature in one single app would be much more user friendly!

Transparency to the database. Integration to other systems. Effective dating. Sync to organizational data. Reporting

More automation, other software in this space is able to completely rewrite content and even provide multiple iterations at once. Ability to tailor results and desired output based on target audience, i.e. desired grade level might vary based on audience. Would be nice if VT can start writing content based on bullet points, again more automation

notification need to be there before clicking on upgrade button. Notification need to be there before reboot collector. Delaying to present the current uptime when rebooted a collector

Learning management system. Onboarding 2.0. Recruiting

Nutanix AHV support. Chrome plugin. Interface is not as easy as other products.

Custom queries can be a little complicated to work with. Pricing can get a little steep

Not frequently updated with new features. Outdated pricing plan focused on enterprise customers. Enterprise support is not up to the expected level

More Access to Customize the UI

Management, I would say a single pane of management that works would be good. Similar to the FTD, the FMC, being able to manage objects and security group objects in one pane. That would be good for the firewall versus having to manually create objects and monitor them across several different firewalls across several different contexts.

I find the creation of custom reports help page hard to follow - in the sense that actual finished report does not meet the expectation. The old format of receive payment screen which Sage Intacct intends to phase out is more useful to my end, I use the new one but I like the format of the old view better. In the creation of the Statement of Account I hope there are more options - like Show only those bills with open balance; Show only credit memos available or a combination of both. Right now there are only 4 available - see below. Show all transactions. Show all but reversed payments. Show affiliates and others with no balance if activity occurred. Show affiliates and others flagged as inactive if activity occurred

There are a couple of streaming platforms I'm not able to screen record

Expensive for small organisations. Improving in the sync error area with explanation. Many windows open when we click the new tab. This area can be improved.

Updates to content on lower tiers. Better reporting features. More automation in phisher

Wrike Discover could use some updating and the sign-on process is cumbersome. Significantly more powerful duplication functionality to allow ease of replicating work structures and various work items, custom item types, blueprints and forms etc *across spaces*. Dashboard visibility for the Collaborator License!. Ability to grant/revoke permissions for collaborators to edit custom field data

Integration with client's digital tracking, such as GTM. More filter criteria for customizing event feed pages. Reporting on activist codes beyond 14 days. Report manager capabilities and customization. Analytics dashboards.

Drag and drop. Comparability with visio

The email design interface is not the easiest to use. I'd love to be able to see a preview in the same window where I am editing; maybe something you can click and it expands, but you don't have to leave the editor.

I think it is pretty easy to use, can't think of any

I don't know of any improvements as PowerDMS by NEOGOV does so much more than I have attempted to use it for thus far.

Integration from Veeam Data Platform with Office 365

Support. Quality of data. Ease of enablement

Agent training. Timeliness in responding. Follow up on reported problems and corrections

more options of checking logs

Information resources can be confusing at times. Mobile phone backup.

looking at the RPA market competitor UIPath , the IBM licensing is twice in Cost as compared to UiPath but offers better value. process stability along with the flexibility in 3rd party integration apps. unclear guidelines in the documentations and slow initialization or implementation

In my opinion, permissions model is unpleasant. In my opinion, automation with anything that isn't an Atlassian product extraordinarily difficult. In my experience, it doesn't support current standards very well (Markdown, importing HTML). In my opinion, search is almost useless

Copy to tape interfers with normal backups. Please create a process which tags the most current back to be copied to tape that will allow tape and disk backup to coinside.

Different thing means i can sea Interview scheduleing and database maintaing. As a single software doing multiple purpose is really plus for the organization to save the cost and time. In this above points i mostly liked.

UI for Mobile. Workspace organization for guests. Pricing. Duplicate group without having to manually remove the (copy) text after duplicating

Some users find the initial setup and configuration process complex. Simplifying the user interface and providing more intuitive onboarding processes could enhance the user experience, especially for new users or smaller businesses with limited resources for extensive training.

Sync with Hubspot. Additional features.

Faster in utilizing suggestions from admins. Updating certifications

Difficult to configure. fewer and fewer experienced professionals. Price

More like the timing of the retrieval and response time that we get. I think that we would need to ensure to make it better.

Overall UX is good, however can be further improved. The new GenAI tool is a great addition - however limited to only specific element and to a specific and pre-defined tasks. I would further appreciate if it would be able to further expanded and support more commands or even support manual/custom instructions to the AI. Also Each element current holds its own limited command - thus you cannot execute AI commands on a group of different elements, which is very limited. I'm a great advocate of AI and believe that this is the future, so it's amazing to see Miro adapts to the latest advances. However, there's so much that should and could be done, and now when AI tools gives you the freedom to do possibly anything, It's bad to see that it's actually limiting the user. I have deep and rich experience with AI tools and their implementations in various tools, thus I feel strongly the lack and limitation of AI usage within Miro. I have to many ideas and capabilities that would skyrocket Miro, thus make me feel so much limited with the current implementation of AI. I trust the Miro team to further expand it, I'd be happy to get on another call with the team and share my experience and vision.

I think the visualization offerings, although they're starting to get better for sure, could definitely continue to use some upgrading. They've had the same set of visualizations for a lot of years, and while they're improving the ability to alter them or to change the settings on them, they definitely could use more of them. We saw a demo where they announced some new visualizations that are going to be possible and are definitely a good step in the right direction to do that. I think in terms of the tool, especially when you're talking about workspace, is fairly stable as a tool. I think the support side is probably where a there could be a little bit more of an improvement. Adobe hasn't always been great on the support side, especially if you're not a premier member or have a special connection, some type of connection with them in that respect. If you're just an average company using the tool and you run into trouble and you need some help, you can file a ticket and get support, but it's not always been the greatest support. But the tool itself, I don't know that I have a ton of complaints at this point, especially with workspace. It's been fairly stable for a few years now. So just the support part I think is probably the bigger one and the visualization.

Sales outreach tools could be improved.

Sometimes, it is hard to reach over the phone compared to other vendors if a rapid response is needed. Haven’t seen them in direct conversation with a client or answering lead feedback as of yet. This situation just hasn’t come about yet to no fault of their own. Lower coverage in some smaller markets. Display activity, in our experience hasn’t been as strong compared to other vendors, with the main goal being CTR.

Sales Alerts - could provide more information, allow for more orgs to be identified, creating them based on keywords is beyond challenging as I cannot use keyword groups and instead must add each keyword manually. Geographic areas - would love to be able to provide one zip code for a segment and ask for a radius of 20,50, etc miles around it, or even just ask for the geographic area relative to a specific city (DC Metro area, as an example). RevCity/User Community - it's good and a nice start but the system doesn't provide reminders regularly to go check it out. Most of the posters tend to be 6sensers, and several questions can go unanswered.

The Excel reader node doesn't always reset. Sometimes the node has to be rebuilt or reconfigured to truely reset the node. This can trip you up if you're not aware of it. Basic filtering in table view. Sure you just add a filter node, but it would be cool if the data tables worked more like tables in Excel where you can filter as well as sort.

Web editor. Visualization of the flags. Information about testing.

Provide trending hashtags; make recommendations for optimal use. Remember most used handles in the user interface. Have a creative space, a white board to pin ideas or develop campaigns. Colour coding or 'client' or content tagging.

Having mandatory fields for projects to progress in their stages. Generating customized natural language reports of project updates. Automatically calculated elapsed time based on a set initial date

I think ClickUp performance needs to be improved when loading data, when opening a detailed list, also when opening a dashboard with many widgets also takes quite a long time. expand the automation options that ClickUp provides. expand widgets on the ClickUp dashboard

Listening to, and following feedback. Avoid changing account managers so often

Back end functions are complex and unforgiving; takes us 1 month to train a new administrator properly due to the complexity of the system. The navigation and user experience are not modern or easy to use out of the box. It requires a significant investment with partner firms to configure the UX.

to work with more different types of files. more detailed onfo about tested emails. more flexible credits buying system

I can't think of anything

It's hard to say off the top of my head. Like I come across issues almost on a daily basis. But they're small things. There are things that would make my life easier as a developer, right? If certain configurations maybe were a little more intuitive or automated. But I also think that it's improving a tremendous amount and we just went live with am as a cloud service customer on like, just this past week and it was one of the smoothest goli I've ever had. So I think it's, it's come a very long way.

Perhaps add some gamifications. Perhaps add little celebration animations when projects are completed

Would like to see additional software integration options.

Calendar Interaction (so users can book an appointment with the designer). Be able to manipulate the automatic message people get after submitting a form. Everything else works for me

It could be more user-friendly. Connection to cloud lags at times. Interferences with other software

Executive reports could provide more customization with user details. Faster response time to console after user completes training

Simplified Budgeting. Simplified report writing. More resourceful forums for quick troubleshooting

Too many areas that may not be needed. the average date range that shows up at the bottom is sometimes confusing. more colors for color coding

User-friendly navigation. Creating reports could be more robust

time tracking

It would be great if there was some kind of notification feature to enable when you receive a milestone, hit a goal etc

configuring multi factor authentication for third party products was a little bit difficult. teams integration. redirection of camera and microphone from applications

Possibly more engineers/techs due to scheduling being very tight timeframes. There were features I wasn't aware of till a year after (example some API capabilities).

It is expensive, but is worth it. Their Sales Team runs from Excellent down to Inattentive (The inattentive one seems to have moved on). Quoting for help seems high.

I believe that the "live" option in monitoring does not truly update the status in real-time, thus I must manually update to feel comfortable. The call analysis tool might be improved, third-party resources are restricted, and the pricing is slightly more than competitors in comparable categories.

Compliance documentation for onboarding and off-boarding employees. HR Support Employee Relations. Workflow Management, it's very difficult to correct or pull back something once processed. Org Chart Reporting

Integration. Make it less manual. Premade template for layouts

In future IBM cloud could provide free or paid courses for learning cloud computing

The results are not being counted correctly to train the users who failed

Load speed. Multi language support. Transactional email sending

Collaboration across companies

Ceipal has more resumes. Keywords that are correct matches the resumes. Sourcing the profile is the easy way.

Feature to be be greatly available for non EC customers too

Some small functionality flaws. Wish it were easier to mass edit

When I click into a task, it is not always easy to find my way back to the project level. When I clone a project for the next one, it is hard to control which aspects get cloned and which I want to populate with new information. I don't really know how to get an overall view of my to dos. Sometimes I am given access to a project, but not sub-tasks or attachments, which is annoying.

Direct Customer support would be the only thing I could think of but support through the admin for my account has always been very timely and efficient

Chat times out too quickly. I'm still typing my Question and I have the orange banner up telling 10 sec left. Better turnaround time on questions. If an item is escalated, forget it. It takes days to weeks to get an answer. (If Chat people know, then all is good). Integrate with our 401K provider, Fidelity, so that process is automated.

Greater ability to apply constraints to a board/project. More organization of files - tagging, foldering

Functionality -- not super streamlined or clean. Integrations with other softwares like Asana, Slack, etc.

Search features are not always easy to use. Documentation can get messy if not organized well. Slow to load at times

Invoicing procedures. Pricing clarity. Ownership

Database Log Shipping. Server Level Triggers. Custom password policies

Simple & easy to use. Very Intuitive. Easy to administrate

Having multiple log ons between the different sage environments is hard to navigate (University vs Intacct)

Complex Pricing Model:. Limited Integration with Non-IBM Services. Data Transfer Speeds

Logs. Graphical view of servers

System isn't super user friendly. Can't make mass updates, have to do them one by one.

Genesys Cloud CX can probably improve the support of other languages than English. We still need to wait for a little time. Some features are available in French. They can be improved in analytics. It's still sometimes quite difficult to get the Pro Analytics.

Enhanced mobile app functionality. Improved calendar view. Advanced reporting - in-depth insights into project performance, team productivity, and resource allocation. guided tutorials for advanced features. multi-step automations with conditional logic

Maybe a better querying tool.

Some automations and functions within subitems

Inbox and updates changes aren't as good as the old version. Allowing emails from same domain email addresses not to be added if not paid user. In our business most people do not require a licence as day to day they use our legal case management system but it would be useful if their emails could be added if replying to a board email. Reporting on the time recording element

Faster forwarding

Touch interface might be an issue. Requires USB-C connection for touch. No touch capability with MacOS

I'm not able to see some of the documents that I'm a reviewer for (not sure why, but I think I'm a collaborator) and have unknowingly help up multiple approvals. I'm not able to add some people as a reviewer for my documents. I'm not able to create any new folders or projects in my personal space. I'm not able to see all of the requests submitted by other people (would be really helpful to find links where people ordered stuff before or made revisions to a document)

Reports could use a little upgrade. Delegated activities function.

Move some functions from SAP CRM to Sales Cloud (C4C). Replication between C4C and CRM is sometimes an issue and some functionality sit in CRM while potential users of that feature use sales cloud

We are a time sheet based company and I wish my time sheets would automatically attach to invoices. My clients want one attachment per email when invoiced. If I include attachments to my invoice the email has multiple attachments and I can't send those emails to my clients. So, I have to manually create the invoice/attachment for those clients. So, I wish that the invoice creation would automatically merge the invoice and all attachments into one attachment. For time sheets, we wish that there could be more than one time sheet approver assigned to an employee. Our time sheet approvers go on vacation and wish that they could have their alternate approve the time sheet, without us having to re-assign a new approver - and with out us having to delete the original time sheet filled out by the employee. For time sheets we wish that managers would get more than one email that the time sheet needed approval. For time sheets, we wish that employees could not turn off the notifications that the time sheets are due. For our specific purposes, our tracking of where sales takes place is not the project..but it is where the employee that works for that project is working. So far the location tracking is not accurately tracking where my sales are taking place. So, either we are not set up correctly, or Sage Intacct is not able to track this correctly. So, my project is [..]..[..] is located in Kansas. One person assigned to [..] is working in Missouri and one person working [..] is working in Texas. Sage Intacct is recording all of the sales for [..] in Kansas and I need them to be in Missouri and Texas because that is where the work is taking place.

IBM Power servers cost too much compared to RHEL on X86 on VMware. IBM Power server maintenance costs too much compared to RHEL on X86 on VMware.

affecting the cms when the code is slightly more complicated on the back end. the login/verification process every time is a little annoying. would like to track the data visually all together in a snapshot of all experiments done on one page over time

Easier integration between boards. Easier email automation. Less crashing

More training videos on specific functionalities

Lower cost of entry so we can onboard some of our smaller offices to this solution. Improved knowledge base article searching as it can be difficult to locate the correct information. Less nagging from sales team when renewals are approaching

Reports generation would be great to have a more generic reports field generator

kubernets. virtual machines. databases

Dashboard Builder: It needs more out-of-the-box panels for beginners to learn. Autofill: The query autofill isn't that great. It needs better suggestions for beginners especially. Speed: The speed of the search isn't that great. It can be improved. For some queries, it takes too long. Error handler: The error messages in the case of wrong syntax can be more descriptive. The messages are sometimes vague and are not helpful.

Expensive for the number of previews it includes UI can be confusing Limited templates

Commiunity information should be available under the new look/experience of Cvent. The administration courses should be broken down to simplify learning. QR codes should be implemented in the new surveys.

Provisioning. Ease of use for admins. More information about releases

The constant nudge to upgrade to the next tier. In my opinion, web interface is dated and dry. I believe billing management is problematic

Help identify suspicious emails to staff. Make review of quarantined emails easier. Have their tab more prominent

Segment filtering by priority or operation. Segment exports could have more data within them. Sometimes the model isn't as accurate as we'd like

bigger profile. make more minimal instructions. add extra details about the AI

I'd like to see a more diverse range of modules, the ones they do have are good but limited to just 1 or maybe 2 on certain topics. It would be nice to have the ability to edit an active training campaign to update the modules without having to clone and create a new one, then add in the modules. Their mod store search function could be improved with quick categories/topics.

A-Coin lucky draw contest could be done differently. Inviting food companies to, where offers could be redeemed. Showing the expiry of advantage club points so that the customers have a clear idea of the same.

has no room for improvement. There is no missing functionality,. Happy to use the Guru

The upgradability of the routers is great, but very expensive. The need for increased memory/flash for current features

simpler and more intuitive Interface. more extensive integration with third-party tools. Real-time collaboration for analysis and report generation

So we have had a tough time integrating into the environment and currently, we're not getting value for the product too as well. So that will be something we'll be looking to talk to the account officer about and see how to better utilize the product.

More automations. More optimized Outlook to Monday

Add a bit more user flexibility. let users change background colors to match organizations color scheme

I have not encountered any issues.

Admin dashboard is clunky. No bulk change to all the numbers you use, you have to do it one at a time. Dashboard capabilities are not as good as Talkdesk. Reporting is not as good as Talkdesk

The availability of shapes (arrows) could be increased in the shapes menu. The fill colour in the menu option disappears when its "white" with a white background - make it more obvious. More graphical adjustments to frames e.g. shadow options

a large volume of email alerts

When a task has been marked as "on hold" or "cancelled" it continues to remind you, which I find quite annoying. While making date adjustments in a blueprint, changes happen somehow that I can't understand so I end up going back and forth multiple times to adjust unexpected changes that just happened without a visible explanation. Some tasks are allowed in without a due dates and of course they won't show up in the timeline

User experience has an old look/feel. Modules are complex and it is confusing about how everything fits together

Needs improvement in the user interface. Improve the documentation for users' understanding. Adding more pre-built automated workflows

Everything is smooth and easy to use.

No all the parameters can be managed

After installing the Chrome Plugin, LinkedIn is a bit slower than before. Pricing is okay, but import from Sales Navigator should be included in the Basic Package

Sometimes large PDF files (annual reports, flyer suites, etc) don't upload properly. Requires a few refreshes to fix that.

Would like more action buttons easily visible from each page

Refresh the UI. Rankings

If we work on the same thing at the same time, it doesn't save correctly

As soon as the payment status turns to “Paid” the entry gets blocked, not allowing us to make any changes. However, in practical scenarios, there will be instances where we need to make some corrections. It would be of great help if we could get this feature enabled. Audit Log – Need to improve the audit log to provide more accurate and complete information about any changes. Since we are in an era of Social Marketing – more the visual impact, more the over all impact. So need to incorporate Dashboard Feature to get a glimpse of the health of the process/company by an eagle eye view.

It does appear to be a little glitchy when you go from template mode to CLI mode and try to do testing on certain areas. The configuration tends to get hung in that old session when you drop it from being controlled by the controller to making changes in CLI. I've had a lot of instances where you try to put it back into controller mode for review management and it holds on to your items you've had in CLI mode , it gets a little confused at which config it needs to use. You end up having to reset the whole number environment.

Please be more flexible in adding column template, so that it doesn't have to be follows previous group task in one project

Hootsuite has room to improve when it comes to consistency - sometimes videos are difficult to upload, sometimes things get double posted by accident, or occasionally something will be scheduled but an unforeseen error will cause it not to post.

There are certain areas of Hubspot that take getting used to. Building my first workflow was difficult and took a few interactions with the support team to solve. Thankfully Hubspot support is pretty quick to respond and usually helpful. The reports are great but can take some custom work to get set up that took some time to figure out. Sometimes there is too much information available, I wish I could customize some of the pipeline views to make it simpler/cleaner.

notification of system failures. user assess of files

Provide more training modules at lower statuses. Website tabs can be more simplified to locate desired information. Need to improve the instructions on how to run reports

I have yet to find anything. this product already works great. it does exactly what it is intended to do and does it well. I would like to see an option for more of the fields to populate across different feature segments when programming

Improve integration capabilities with Test Automation Suites. Access provisioning to ensure security of passwords

Extending project and item functionality to subitems. Increasing customization of calendar view - e.g., toggle weekends. Improving time tracking - current utilization system is not suitable for fully fledged daily time tracking

Some mass edit features could be added, such as changing suppliers in sourcing for all affected parts when a semiconductor company acquires another company but keeps the same part numbers..currently parts need to be changed individually.

Support. Installation. Training and Materials. Need More logs (log files) at every level for enhanced security

Support other virtualization software like Proxmox and Xen, newer versions of them. It needs to test more the new features before releasing them.

marking duplicate items. faster loading of data on single board

If using Aurora Serverles v2 one thing missing is the possibility to reduce it to 0 ACU

Case Management ( for reported incidents/probems). Time is takes to resolve tier2 type problems. Lack of Subject matter experts

Reports and Dashboards need visual improvements. New Reports and Dashboards cannot use OData. Workflow needs to be added to all entities

Segment creations can be a bit confusing to manage and edit once they are created. Some of the email comparison data is confusing to understand

Archiving boards means that they archive for everyone, which can be a little frustrating if you have far too many boards and want to clear out your folders, but you don't want them to be removed for anyone else. The inbox really doesn't work well. There is no way to select all and perform an operation with multiple inbox items - and if you have hundreds of boards, then it can mean thousands of updates over the years! I don't use the inbox at all for this reason. The My Week function behaves similarly to the Inbox, so if it's flooded, it's impossible to use.

Restoration: Veeam Backup for 365 can be a pain when restoring. It may take a while to open folders or files. Explorer: Veeam Explorer has been very slow to run when searching for specific files. Support: Support with Veeam could be better.

system respond speed is slow when perform financial adjustment. it take time to run when switching from individual task to team task. searching tool is slow to respond

Archival of old groups and items

More Robust Financial Reporting. Easier Data Uploads. More Flexibility in Workflows

Not being able to add on to a question following publishing

For a social media calendar, it would be nice to see the images added.

Text editor or wysiwyg need some improvements. Some formatting issues with copy and paste and limitation (indentations of paragraphs etc.). While you can create cards in multiple boards, it is confusing sometimes (best to reference cards to other boards than have them in many boards. Moving cards or sharing them with other Collections (while you can point to another collection, sometimes no permission for the team with that collection).

Response time and availability from the tax team. Implementation

I would like to see Meraki implement a more robust logging feature for the firewall side of this. That's one thing that's lacking between an MX and a traditional ASA. ASA gives you a more in-depth and granular view of logging, whereas compared to the MX it only gives you very minor details and glimpses at things.

A few too many clicks to jump between boards and dashboards. Adding 'favourites' or 'quick links' could help

It doesn't have a great communication feature like Slack.

So on the workforce management side, the biggest glaring error, well not error, but something they could definitely improve on is they do schedule preferences by week. In Europe, they don't work by week, they work by month. So one area they could definitely improve on is to be able to do schedule prefacing on a monthly basis.

I think a lot of the things are gonna be addressed now, like with the launch. I think it's like a firefly that's coming up that seems very beneficial, especially for the design team where it's like we're trying to create all these different assets and bring it into one area for people to use in multiple different areas. I think, and pretty much that I don't really have anything too negative to say about it because it's a very like uniform and unique experience overall and it's very easy for us to use.

Creation of goals by folder. dashboard color and structure customization. Possibility to integrate ClickUp view into microsoft teams

Limited in gifting options outside of branded swag. Does not offer experiences/events like other direct mail platforms (Sendoso, Alyce, etc). The UI is just OK - not the slickest thing I've seen

Once a board has been set up, extremely difficult to add core features that were not selected at the start. Gets slow when a lot of information is added in one document hosted on monday.com. The platform can be very overwhelming for new users.

I've used Marketo even before it was Adobe. And when Adobe bought Marketo, there were high expectations that it would be integrated very well with the rest of the Adobe platforms. For example, take Adobe Analytics, but Marketo doesn't talk to them natively. You have to be really creative to make that work. I think that's one of the pain points is that they have a good partner ecosystem, but still, the basic stuff is missing. Custom activities and custom events are something that makes Marketo so unique. And the use cases, and the problems it solves, are amazing. But it's annoying when tokens are such a good feature and you can't use tokens for custom fields in the custom activities and events. RCE, a fantastic idea, but the UX is from the 1980s. It makes it so hard for to present a dashboard to my senior leadership. There is a wealth of information which is just not usable. I know that there's Marketo Measure, but it's an expensive add-on vs native functionality.

Really the things that need to improve are things that needs to be changed by our company. They need more guru cards on certain topics. keywords added so things can be pulled up. better training on what to search

Easier way to create your own trainings.

Limited use of emojis, that is bad when working with millennials. Search engine can the improved. The results are not showed in a simple way.

Mobile Outlook emails do not automatically BCC tracking address. Mobile App should allow for individual user customozation. Is there a News notification for logged accounts?. At least in our setup, I'm unable to view my entire inbox/outbox. I'd love to solely live in HubSpot land.

When cash apps is performed for multiple invoices at once, we cant reverse cash apps performed for one invoice. It will reverse all the invoices. Bulk payment for AP Bills is required. While adding reference for Cash Application lengthy reference is unable to add.

Could have a glossary explanation of terms. layout seems amazing to me. could have more signposting options for customer.

project roll up health into program views. analytics - limitation on rows for dashboard reports. resource planning is not very intuitive

User interface. Easy to operate. Loading speed

There is still some limited awareness in the market about the benefits of tokenization

Limited Availability of Compatibility Versions. Complexity in Cross-Region Replication. Storage Scaling Limitations

There is no hard in Ceipal. it's an user friendly for recruiter.

reporting (visualization). integration with Microsoft (power automate connectors)

when creating a change - (loading forecast/financial information) previous information gets overwritten unless you copy the previous plan

Secondary index management. Migration tooling. Point in time recovery performance

Adding a option to convert so spanish. Could be cheaper for enterprise options. Ability to edit the font on the items

I found that model deployment is a bit difficult for non-IT background like myself. EDA may be improved. Should show estimated time to complete for each run

RPA tends to involve some technical expertise to use and set up, making it hard to onboard and standarize at times. identifying inside the tool the specific conditions in which automated actions are needed can be hard for less experienced workers. Many of it broad features usually have a former equivalent inside business' processes, which at times is hard to transfer to IBM RPA. This may duplicate procedures which is not the best case scenario as regards efficiency.

Account management - too many "rogue" accounts are created. Discovery - Network catalogues are a nice feature but should be better controllable in regard to reach - as we are not allowed to sell everything to everyone.

Better built-in notifications.

Would like to see something more advanced targeting technical users. Videos sometimes play but do not getting credit for watching video. Would like to see more in depth about social engineering since that is where the most problems take place.

integration with Email Security Gateways

Setup of account to communicate with Cloud Providers. Tagging documentation

Email bugs. Reporting bugs. Alphabetical organizing in fields

Reporting. Interface is kind of clunky. More ability for administrators to independently make changes without relying on support

Can be a bit slow at first. Nothing else

My organization and I are new to Webex Events. At this time, there is nothing to dislike. and nothing that is difficult to use

the gui is not very intuitive. restarting the service could be faster. choosing the correct storage and instance type could be challenging

Not great reports. Context around some built in alerting. Slow interface

I absolutely love the chat feature but sometimes I get such advice that things are made worse, I would love more knowledgeable reps. I get a lot of errors on payroll day about not being able to save changes and it really slows me down and sometimes I miss things because I thought they saved. I wish I was better at reporting but at summit the reporting sessions don't really get focused on payroll

Limited to 8 top line dimensions. Although you can bring in as many attributes of data as you want, but I would really like Cube to increase top line dimensions to 10. The ability for cross level interaction within multiples cube would be a major plus once implemented.

Contact numbers in Middle East. Direct contact numbers in Americas. Filtering

Mac platform

A view of current features missing from current code implementation. Alerts of critical errors. Metrics on server performance issues that can be improved

If claim is not approved, submission of bills is difficult. Sometimes it shows error message during uploading of receipts. User interface appears older or dull.

Response time for investigating issues can be way better. Need more space and codes. Organizations charts need to be easier

the cursor response time could be improved. dual screen remote session quality could be improved

Review Email Templates. UGC Display Templates. More granular filters (like date submitted) for Reviews, Q/A, and UGC

Ease of Use. Pricing

Anamolly detection will be more useful if it can leverage business dimensions. ASG recommendation are generally too aggressive, will be good to give option to choose the performance metric teams are willing to change and display the chosen metric. Chart visualisation can be improved, for example, using a consistent colour for a Product or Service Name, and have value labels to differentiate value for different section of the chart

The interface is a bit dated

I would like to be able to pull contacts by County instead of just zip code. I would like a simpler process to delete obselete Activist Codes. It would be nice if EveryAction provided a Bulk Upload Contact Sheet template to minimize the CRM rejecting bulk uploads.

My main struggle is when i type in search when i want to know how to do certain things, I don't know if it's maybe the language barrier my side. I struggle with the bank rule but that could be me. I really would like to see some explanations done practically, some tutorials have videos. Maybe its me I am old school, but would love to have proper training face to face practicality

The formatting is intentionally limited, but it serves to keep creation simple and make using it easy.

Once you get used to the platform it's easy to use but a lot of my new teammates take some time to figure out how to build their own boards/where to find boards.

we want to use it as a CRM tool, this is not possible. there could be more options to coztomize. too much ntifications

Sorting courses within a course bundle. Increase the speed of the certificate report.

Adding more on the free version. Free pro accounts for charities. Bigger box for alt text as text gets lost.

Better integration with other repository systems like Confluence

Some documentation is out of date

It would be helpful for people who need it if there were more extensive and user-friendly instructions, especially for newbies.

User Interface

Pasting tables can be improved, it should be able to hold more formatting from an Excel table and requires to much formatting. Easier overview of shortcuts. Better search function when searching for appropriate templates.

I feel like I could have answered that just last week, as good as you make it. So with that said, I'm kind of going to go back to getting with the NT team and fully understanding the way it works to know the best ways to go about it. So on that same flip side, I would say it was the transcription and then we've also had some call recording issues and some, because we've actually got a ticket open now for some duplicated calls and where it flipped the agent and the customer in the recording. So there's little bumps. So if I had to say any of those would probably be problematic, but just specifically for us, I can't speak to everybody, but the Verint team is very supportive and they're doing what they can to keep us in the loop and what they're doing to fix it. So we're doing, I think it's good considering

Simplified version for the various users. Easier to track fax report. More extensive QA center.

its a great tool for making data-driven decisions easly. Seamless integrations with other IBM solutions and wide range of third-party apps which enables end-to-end automation across heterogeneous systems. IBM RPA is very scalable tool that allows us to scale our automation efforts according to our organisation needs.

Offer automated cheat sheet. Pricing could be more clear

sometimes people cannot hear/be heard. It would be great to have more detailed info (with graphics) about the team and individual performance. team performance reports daily/weekly/monthly mail functions would be great

Local language support (Turkish, Hindi, Malay characters). Semantic analysis. Local Currency Support

Pre-populating Management/User Templates

Real time updates are slightly delayed if your resource synchronization is high

Certain features are locked behind admin and shouldn't be. Guest feature. Team leader should automatically be made co-owner of public boards in their department.

Integration scenarios. Automated processes like core data replication. Support Services from SAP Concur

I experience some lag sometimes. It takes a bit of time to load each device

Everyone hates the "rejected" status. There has to be a better word without such a negative connotation. Too many options for customization at some times. It's difficult to figure out what features do and if you actually need them. Multiple notifications can be overwhelming.

sections in the changes that I mark, I'd like to see those sections pre-marked based on tracking my prior markings in that section - for a quicker submission

Recurring tasks. Roadmap

Documentation need more improvement for self developer. Integration between suites can be improved. It needs A lot of effort to learn, very difficult for beginners. Pricing of licenses are too high

Make the formula examples a little more thorough

I would like to see an expanded ability to download the diagrams

There is no unlimited texting plan. System down issues (when they happen) are not resolved as quickly as I would prefer. Tighter integration, or better training on, using it across applications.

I would say Guru can be improved by adding a few filters that allow one to search specific topics.

ManageEngine Application Manager could benefit from improved support for monitoring and managing chatbot applications and infrastructure.

Customer support. Interface isn't user friendly. Sometimes slow

Cisco Webex App still need to work on integrations, Slack is the leader in terms of integrating with other applications. a bit costlier when compared to MS. MS E5 has it for free. Availability in some countries like Russia still not there

Role based permissions. Workflow integration, specifically the previewing functionality

Can be quite complex for small orgs. Lots of options, but can be expensive to implement

Collaboration features could use some improvement

I have to refresh the page a lot because there is an "update"

Some functions are more hidden. For certain modifications, you need to take more steps. MERGADO includes additional applications that you activate separately, although it would be great if I could enable their functions directly while editing the XML feed

Even more connectivity between modules for more seamless experience. Better reporting on permissions structures and user access. In my opinion, some modules feel a bit dated compared to other offerings

More automations. App version

I wish you could select multiple cells at one time. I wish sub-item columns could change per group instead of all needing to be the same

time tracking. calendar to do list (with more than 20 boards connected). dashboard widgets (specifically one thats just text)

Emails landing in spam

Search functionality. speed

There are definitely some features and functionality we'd like to see. We have groups in workspaces, but they don't seem to be tied into very many portions of Genesys Cloud CX. You can only use groups and workspaces in specific places. It'd be nice if we could integrate those more where we already have these groups rather than building those same groups of people in another form to use in this section. One thing I hear constantly from my quality monitors is: can we add a mass delete button for interactions that have been delivered? I had a person recently, they had a policy running, forgot about it. A couple months later they went in and they had 300 interactions, so they had to delete them all one by one by one. Little things like that that hopefully are in the roadwork.

Access to reports

EC time sheets and Time tracking doesn't meet minimum legal standards. Meeting local legislative standards

Easier communication process among team members. Update notifications linked to e-mails. Collaboration boards

For this moment click up has everything we need

Monitoring. GUI design and functionality. Solaris backup. Longer SLA retention rather than just 999 days.

The UI is a bit out dated but nothing to worry about.

Comparing it to Vyond, it is more time consuming to make videos. The timeline could be easier to understand. They recently started upcharging to use some scenes. This has made updating some of my videos challenging as the scenes that were included as part of my plan are now an upgrade to use. They don't have a voice over option. I have actually taken some of the videos out of the platform over to Vyond to add voiceover. Some items they have introduced, like turning a powerpoint into a video really don't work.

official support for GCC HIGH - it's only beta now, although it does work

Everyone on the team needs a full license to really function. We thought some people could get away with guest licenses, but that was not feasible. The options the "guests" had were different, and it frustrated them which slowed down user acceptance. It's too easy to create a task and not save it when you think you did. The recurring tasks settings are clunky, or I'm just not getting it yet!

Allow more unregistered users to view boards.

Cost saving for personal use. Not logging me out haha

Training documents. Full picture processed prior to releases. Access to experts

Add more in-built model templates. Visualization option would be plus. Enable more reports to add more metrix on usage

I would love to have more predictive insights. I would love to get alerts when certain goals are met or close

The service team is wonderful and helpful but seem very swamped. It is difficult to get a hold of the assigned account manager but I can always reach another team member. The development team needs to remember that the least amount of clicking around in a system to get what you need is always best. There is a lot of room for improvement in this area for the Recruiting module.

Administration and permissions model can be confusing. Lots of tabs when switching between applications. Rapid start via accelerators (*this is now possible)

Teradata is already a gem of software. However teradata could incorporate antivirus to ensure any malfunction could be avoided. Teradata modules could be enhanced

More features at cheaper prices

New SI a bit buggy. Technographics not quite accurate. Predictive analytcis would be better if it was slightly editable. Contact recommendation editing

permissions and sharing can be confusing. formula columns are limited

Managed backups could be better. Triggered scheduling, and being able to back up different areas of data at different times would be great. The clearscape interface should be provided as an option in the cloud on an application node in the same instance as the database. Add better ability to use timestamps - functions to add dates and times to get a timestamp, convert timestamp(6) to timestamp(0) easily, etc.

Price. Onprem application onboarding.

Files sometimes take a long time to download. Finding a way to assign multiple people to a project/task and have each individual get it crossed off their list without completing for all (instead have to create all individual tasks). Sometimes the sorting/ordering functionality doesn’t work as hoped

Saving customized list outputs. Evaluation of who is assigned which license

More options for customization for phone trees. Option to restart the loop through available agents if the call wasn’t answered by any available agents the first time it was served to them. Improve clarity/info available on whether a message was actually sent to the end user or not

Scale Computing delivers an excellent product. I have no points for improvement to mention

allow more users under a single entity. allow users to add timelines to projects instead of just start and end date. more advanced project management tools

Customer service; I feel like it sometimes takes weeks for a response from our dedicated CSM

I think the reporting. The data that's collected could be easier for the business to be able to manipulate. I think that the new products that are coming out that they could be more focused on the customer needs versus what Avaya says they should be. Best way I could put it.

Performance Reviews - we originally did performance reviews in paycom, but switched that to another platform. It doesn't have an autosave function that I'm aware of and the layout is not visually pleasing if you're sitting and writing long text. it does most other things well. It does most other things well

more details in work order request form. being able to change the content on the mobile app. filters disappear for some reason

Chat assistant be broader with help issues. I don’t have any issues at this time

Invoice system is hard to bill because address do not line up with envelope labels. Wish you could delete entries made in error instead of reversing.

Benefits on the backend can be challenging, but it has improved some. Custom reports can be a challenge if there are more criteria/filters.

The mobile app has the one issue that causes me to lose audio. Is there a fix without turning off the setting which allows me to transfer calls?. When using the mobile app and needing to transfer a call, I've noticed the employee list looks a little weird. It doesn't appear to be in order of name or extension. But maybe that's a setting I have marked incorrectly.

User Interface. Registration and Login. Integration with other Softwares

Too many videos/training videos are released at once. Inside Man has been going on tooooooooo long

Some reporting functions are not available. Filters and additional details on approvals. Creating a payroll / expense report.

Customization. Advance reporting and updates on opportunity. Pricing. Advance sales features

selfmonitoring - need to add detection of monitoring has stopped. guides, manuals, knowledge base - very misleading, not detailed, does not cover many situations. SL Support on daily issues - from experience, often not much helpful, the support case you raise for them is often not followed, replies are seldom, they try only to close the case ASAP without any solution, without asking you if this solution is ok for you

The interface is incredibly clunky. I felt that it would struggle often when I would try to complete a campaign. The service is a bit overwhelming to use at the start. If you don't understand many of the features, there are plenty of 3rd party groups to receive information from.

End-to-end workflow of engineering projects can be setup as workflow of templates. Offline edit feature could be handy. Dark theme can be added

More insight into errors that may be causing an issue when configuring an integration, e.g. Veracode's Jira integration. Static Analysis can sometime get 'stuck' when using the Jenkins integration. Days, sometimes weeks can go by before we notice. Have to delete the 'stuck' scan and re-upload. Manual Pen Test account management/reminders. I would expect the vendor to reach out and schedule the pen test annually, maybe send a notification/reminder when the date starts getting close, things like that. From my experience it was on me to initiate our MPT.

Pricing and transparency. Shading more light into the pricing structure would be really appreciated especially by potential clients. The licensing is very costly.

Visuals. Mobile app. Customisation

Financial Management. Enriched Resourcing. Speed of loading boards

Data storage

To Improve in Palo Alto monitoring Parameters. To Improve in Meraki Power Pack as many make and model missing. To add parent device in event console for any DB. Eventing console filleter issue. Need to improve or increase more no. of device to add in Dashboard as we have limit for 50 devices in one site .

The text search and replace is very crude and barely works. Needs a major revamping. The layout tabs are very clunky and hard to use. Needs to be fixed. DraftSight will fix a problem in one version, mess it up in another version, then fix it again later on. And so forth, and so forth, and so forth. Very poor software update control.

Integration is good. No issue till now

Speed of application. Organization (finding specific tasks can be difficult). Needs better integration with GitHub

Inserting images could be easier through drap and drop functionality

I find the UI clunky. We have several features that don't work (like preview or visualization icons for blocks). Updated javascript on cms is complicated. I find other platforms easier to use.

cost. lack of educated operators. lack of free sandbox systems for education

automatic infill in forms. the scrolling down function. sometimes is the screen a little bit overload with functions

interface with more platforms. more examples of project boards. Ability to share more of the functionality when exporting in excel

When exporting board to excel to keep it as it is sorted. So if I sort by level of importance it will not allow me to export that way. To move an item by dragging and dropping would be great way to organize my items.

a feature to communicate to other members of the board besides the notes would be great that way tracking of convos can be reviewed easier

Plug-in pipeline. CI/CD. Pull requests

When we use automations to send emails, it is difficult to format emails to make them look more appealing. Sometimes there is a significant lag/ delay when forwarding emails to a monday.com update.

I'll give you the feedback from the teams that use it. It's mostly related to the ease of configuring the different rule sets on the products. That's mainly the hard point there.

Campaign delivery features especially multichannel orchestration. More hosting options including offsite. Better user access and identity management controls

More support for different application level backup and recovery

I think the versions could be a clearer/cleaner feature. Automation works great but would be nice if there were some presets to give a foundation

Ease of use could be improved. Going to different boards of other members

Forms. notifications to be more highlighted. more privacy for the pro plan

Increasing the speed of the website

Legacy Application Support

Wish there was a "back" button or easier way to get back to the last screen

There's this function where in you can drag a specific item across the main table which makes an item to be misplaced and sometimes. relating to first one, I think it is much better if there's a lock function in the main table or every item that will be added on the website to make sure those items won't be misplaced and what not. the website is sometimes laggy and there are times that uploaded documents won't even load up.

Ability to delete the activities and cards faster by highlighting item to delete quicker

being able to update a project in one area and have that update transfer to the same project listed on another board.

Real-time alerts/notifications so you can respond quicker!. Improve how to rack actual attendance for "Answer a survey" for the Leaderboard. It is currently constructed on an honor system. One could answer a survey for a session they did not attend to get the points!. Letting conference registrants know how long the event will be available through the app. Instructions on how to export Bookmarked attendees and Handouts. I had to go online to find out how to export the handouts.

Too many reminders, or 'overviews'?

Moving away from the per server licensing was a big disadvantage to us

Licensing plans keep changing. Longer data history would be nice.

Handling currencies - so far there is no internal currency conversion and we keep different currencies in different accounts. More suppliers in Asian markets

The ability to do Backup copies jobs for non-object based storage. Meld the Backup and Replication application with this one

Reactivity on taking new functionalities into account. As the tool lacks functionalities if compared to older SAP versions. Purchase Orders mass log management. Business Partners mandatory fields customizing

Possibility to invite costumers in it. Summing values between columns. Basic mathematical operations between columns.

Improvements could be made around tape library and media sets. More advanced features for somethings like timeouts etc.

Time Off Requests. More FAQ's

Need to find more experience candidate rather than a fake one. Techfetch doesn't using more. kindlt improve it. getting more repeating profiles.

User interface

I think there could be some improvement with surveys, particularly building your own, we need more options and more format options as well.

Bugs occurrence is one of the issue that I have with IBM Process Mining although thier support team helps us to fix the bugs.

Maybe it could benefit of something things were simplified? It seems like it had a lot of bells and whistles that I never used, but maybe it would've been good for me to use them.

Cost - less fees would be appreciated.

Integration and consistency of the Opti PIM. Page design drag and drop can run into issues with more complex page designs.

I have been using KnowBe4 for two years now and am satisfied. I do not have any suggestions for improvements.

Adobe Acrobat Sign account recovery is slightly tedious. Usually after the updates, user gets signed out & it keeps asking us to sign-in again. Mobile interface still needs a lot of improvement. Currently, it' not smooth.

Price: The Cisco Firepower 1000 Series comes with a significant price tag. User interface: The Firepower Management Center (FMC) interface can be complex and overwhelming for some users. Performance impact especially when running multiple security modules

I honestly want Rubrik to focus on what they do best. CDM was introduced and IMO it isn't robust enough for this feature. I would like better API documentation. I'd like to see more granular control of SLA retentions.

Tax. The reps don’t seem to understand what is going on. Reports. For example, the change report with payroll has too many changes. I would like to see only what employees or administrators update. Timesheets.

The little information icon on some of the tasks can make it really hard to read what is written in the box. I wish it was easier to write out detailed instructions for tasks in a box. I have experienced times where I will create a new task and all of my information has been deleted or disappeared.

everything is clear and improved

I would like more choices for on-hold music.

So I would like the authentication authorization to be part of the main product and a way of using APL to configure this particular product so that we can open it for our DevOps guys to just configure it. And better integration with Kubernetes is another thing that we would like.

Integration dashboard. More clear connector options

UI can be improve in case you are monitoring multiple DB. Multiple monitor DB getting slow the system

More platform options like Mobile Apps. more custom features. more integration features.

Not sure if it's a monday.com thing or my lack of understanding, but using dashboards to report metrics from multiple boards.

Dashboards. Email Signature. Notifications

Need more focus on admin experience before focusing on user experience. change management communication template- help customers prepare their users for changes, and why those are happening. cleaner website and navigation. One main page/site per product solutions (incl innovation, help, communities etc). too many outdated KBAs or deleted KBAs

integrations - but these are being added pretty regularly lately. API with other products

I cannot post to an LinkedIn GROUP, only a LinkedIn page.

Can be a bit clunky when trying to move objects. Locking components is a good feature but takes too long to do it for every object you want locked. Pasting images sometimes results in error -- have to right click --> paste instead. Copying components and pasting sometimes doesn't work inside Miro

In my experience, It can be challenging at times to get solutions in place in a timely manner. In my opinion, UI is outdated. Make it easier to implement new functionality

Tables creation and navigation. Table columns always visible while scrolling. Decluttering functionality?

Communication of process changes as they change functionality. Regular communication from Account Representative. Clarity of Security Roles and how to adjust them for Admin users

Obviously Miro isn't used for data/dashboarding, but potentially something to think about from an integration standpoint. Potentially adding some interactive features for more engaging workshops. Rather than just having drag and drop.

Maybe a little bit on the automation side and if you want to script something, if you want to automate procedures, that happens through every simulation round that you have. That part could be a little bit cumbersome right now, depending on the operating system that you use. Introducing the software on other platforms like Mac OSS.

some difficulties with email automations - trouble connecting my email to my influencer outreach board. budget boards could be a little more precise and more functions. a monday.com widget for apple products

Improving performance for processing larger data. Improve the efficiency of Entity relationship. more friendlier Integration with other accelerators

The time it takes to scan large projects makes it difficult to fit into our CI/CD/pipeline. One of our app scans times out after 2 hours and we have to upload it and scan manually but there is no visibility the CI system has as to vulnerabilities found. Integration with older development languages to scan. We have old 4GL based application that is not compatible with the tools

More details and issues on Azure. More integrations with other SAAS applications

Nintex form doesn’t have SQL action for O365. Azure actions don’t allow you to get AD group members using NINTEX workflow. You can’t import a list workflow as site workflow. Extracting calendar occurance is very hard behind the workflow action.

Setting up templates

Subitem Automations - this would be so helpful. Include many apps free of charge instead of having to pay for each individual app. Allow users that are in the same domain to be guests. We work with sevaral departments and need them to interact with the system and not just be a viewer. These are temporary sponsors. Develope a simple vertical view of each task instead of scrolling side to side as in a spreadsheet.

User interface. Searching for calls with specific people. Searching for calls by department

User interface, can be cleaner. cleaner and more intuitive URL. Project codenames thru query string eg. EM-2042. User centered dashboard, e.g. highlighting projects that are overdue etc.

An option for all plans to have an alphabetize filter, especially for CRM workspaces.

The Tax Wizard in onboarding could be more intuitive. We are new to the Benefits module, support could be a little better

For mobile app users, Face unlock should be there for the faster access of stored password

For me Sage Intacct is a whole package which is very user friendly

It is performing as expected.

more items to add to the floor plan

There are a few UI tweaks that must be made. Deployment can be challenging and perplexing. For IBM AIX we require the IBM Power Hardware, we can't run on the different hardware model. Window OS connectivity is not well

It does not protect as many apps as other does. Agentless for physical server as physical backup is not working well. Higher price. After 2020, Technical support response time gets slower. Clone function is plus

Little less transparent on insights. Non-availability of standalone solutions. I understand amazon aims for cloud based solution. But having a facility with standalone will look great. Lastly, of course pricing could be more dynamic so we can only pay for what we opt for

There was some trouble when the Shopify Integration was first launched. I think that has been resolved. We are trying to use our custom tone. It seems to have trouble with that. I may need to seek more instruction on how to instruct it properly. There have been times when replies from support were too slow for our time lines.

Having edition tools (bold, italic, font size etc) in the briefing space instead of only having in the update session. In the format space we could have all the media formats available to be select as an icon

Time (GMT reporting does not help). Longer timed-files for opens (more than 30-days). Easier "Bounce" Notifications

Fluid customer support. Reliable customer support. A suitable and affordable platform for solopreneurs. More flexibility for solopreneurs in terms of what the set offers are

In my opinion, their customer service is horrible. It took 38 emails over 2 weeks simply to "resolve" that my bank account was overdrawn due to an unauthorized renewal fee for a yearly subscription, when I had never purchased a yearly subscription before. In my opinion, customer service could actually listen to the problem and respond like their customers are real people instead of giving canned, generic responses, making light of significant issue. In my opinion, not threaten to remove access to contact data in the event of their own error (such as unauthorized charges, and then, in my experience, after refunding, threatening to remove access to contact data if I didn't purchase a plan). In my opinion, not randomly change the functions on their platform that results in data loss, such as happened to me this week. In my opinion, when receiving a complaint about customer data loss: apologize or acknowledge the loss. In my opinion, reimburse a business for financial loss suffered due to, what I believe is incompetent and dishonest behavior, such as the auto-renew event last June.

Would love to be able to set auto sorts without having to create a whole board. Sometimes the automations do not work properly

Application tracking can be improved. Candidate Management can be improved. Employee data can be improved.

Pre-sales/Demos. NS2 offering needs to be closer to SAP Commercial. Innovation

Bringing in text. Miro is great for marking something up, but sometimes I want to incorporate a longer text piece and I haven't found a great way to do that yet. Using arrows to show a flow can be tricky. Being able to quickly change the size of a group of things

I9. When you place a ticket in for trouble shooting, turn around time could be shorter

In the area of social engineering - companies need to be more vigilant on access to buildings. I have seen workers enter the building in the morning and leave the door open to allow someone into the building who does not have an ID badge. And no security guard is there to manage the flow of traffic into the building in the morning. In the case of a leased building where several businesses share the building. The building owner needs a guard there to manage physical access.

Text editing and format control. Integration with MS Suite for more efficient presentations. More shapes and dynamic display tools for content management

More user ability to amend templates. Clearer help on the more complicated tasks. Differing levels of reports for users who are from non-accounting backgrounds

Customization for required fields/information based on company's needs

Reports sometimes use the same name - but are very different depending on where they’re run from. Still, we occasionally have issues related to things missed during our original product implementation. Sometimes Customer Support turnaround lags too much.

Upload speeds. More flexibility with cloud sync settings and target folder location. The mobile app could use some help.

Reporting. Call Data (Sources). Call transfers

Limited Control. Cost Transparency. Lack of Support for Certain Database Engines. Improved Data Migration Tools. Switch to Encrypted RDS from Unencrypted RDS

Learning security and reporting. RBPs

Simplified Licensing and Pricing Models. Advanced Data Analytics and Insights. Deeper Integration with Cloud-Native Services. Enhanced Compliance and Auditing Features

Fine tuning the AI models can be a bit difficult and has a steep learning curve. The tool is very pricey. The tool lags at times and sometimes the main sever running it needs to be rebooted

The interface is not intuitive. Trying to navigate the toolbars on the left side, based on project or department is difficult. The hierarchy for the company projects is cumbersome and hard to determine what is a task and what is a larger project, and what are subtasks. I don't like the name. It pronounces like Reich, which has such a bad connotation.

Setting up an MRR structure was difficult for us but doable with their assistance

Turnaround. Coordination with benefits department. Coordination with Wex. Chat interface. Ability to solve problems

From my personal experience as a developer, I think Adobe has a lot of work to do with their documentation. certain things they're very strong and they're very like they detail things out great. Other things that haven't been updated since like 2018 don't work anymore and it requires a lot of trial and error to actually figure out what needs to happen. A lot of the time you rely on other AEM developers inside in the inside the community forums that basically have to say, these instructions don't work, has anyone actually gotten this to work? And other people that have done the work and figured out how it actually works have kind of filled in those gaps. So it's great that those exist but it would be great if those holes never existed in the first place and Adobe's documentation really just was robust enough and didn't have typos and really got refined more frequently. So from my experience, that's definitely where I think Adobe could really improve the work experience because it shortens development time, it makes my work a lot easier, which means I can deliver things way faster and things move a lot quicker because I hate having to say I'm doing it the way Adobe says I should do it, but it doesn't work still so I need to figure out what's wrong. that's not a fun thing to have to talk to a client about because then they get confused and are confused why Adobe isn't working the way it should be. it just creates kind of some tighter timelines and things.

Hard to find the power of the tool if you do not use it often enough. Out of the box features are sometimes just shy of what you need

depending on format of training, additional languages not available. PhishRIP needs to be more flexible in their search features.

Simplify payroll processing

Some of new vendors added lot of new features in very short time. Some other large vendors provided suite of integrated enterprise software platform.

Properly implementing security can be challenging for new users. Administrative tools are not always intuitive

Timetracking reports. Turning public the backlog. More utilities for extract information. Personalized widgets (with our code without or low code)

GUI design. Reporting. Admin experience

price. space

The new updated portal when released was very difficult to use. The customer support via phone is not always on par. Email support when used could be a bit quicker when responding. CyberGraph implementation is taking too long. Feature requests should not take that long to complete.

Integration with other tools like smartsheets or Jira. Turn on specification notifications for projects. Separate notifications (inbox, approvals). Org Charts or at least see what team a person belongs to

The way stats are calculated for users based on reviews left by clients, they seem to not be adding up correctly. It will say there are 3 reviews but you can only find one. Perhaps a way to automatically assign chats to create a Q and balance among employees. Even more gifs!!

The mass email sends tend to lag, where not everyone receives the same email during the same time of day

being able to set billing according to need. WFM has a lot of steps

Subdivisions on the divisions for better organization. More plugings. More options for payments

When updating saved searches make sure to send only contacts within the saved geographical location of the search.

Within the same organization all should be allowed to start the meeting. Outside the organization, firewall restrictions should be easier. Browser meeting should be as easy as the app one

I see no areas that need improved

Would love to have a calendar feature that would link up to hire dates for our employees. I'm looking for a way to have automations set up to remind users of when 6 month and annual reviews are due.

customer service really needs to be better. your employees do not come off as experts when call in for guidance. hard to use - setting up events

Outdated data on contacts.

Not sure about this

Interface. Workflow trigger variety

Integrations with personalization products at Optimizely (on the roadmap with Optimizely One).

Even more insights into who clicked on our content and where

Veeam can be daunting to initially install and set-up.

Upgrades to vCenter tend to mess my backup data and jobs up. The ability to link a VM in the old vCenter to the same VM in the new vCenter.

Less cluttered viewing and layout for some drop downs when projects are task heavy. Notification organization when tags or mentions happen. Use for more plug ins, integrations

You should be able to click enter without the message sending. Sometimes a read messages remains unread

simplicity. integration. flexibility with out of the box reporting

The team is dedicated to offer reliable skills. I have acquired a lot and I cannot complain.

They might consider merging Cognos Analytics, Planning Analytics, Cognos Controller into single subscription. The same will reduce confusion. There is initially a steep learning curve despite no coding knowledge needed. Try to make the learning process easier.

Requires time for training to get started with it. Need better and detailed documentation for debugging. UI could be made a little more intuitive

It is only available as cloud based and lack mobile apps for iOS and Android systems.

It's probably error management in that sort of sense with digging into the detail when the problems do arise, getting into the nitty gritty and when the customers have customized it gets really complicated. So it's indicating where we should not go down the route, the customization because we have always tried to not customize but you do and then it messes it all up or makes the support difficult.

Editing Features. Ease of use. Integration of other apps

I do not like that fact that SAP Master Data Governance lack mobility support. There’s deficiency in documentation for features available online.

Honestly, at this time I think it does what I need it to do and I don't see any areas for improvement.

Integration of it apart from Amazon ecosystem is a bit hard. Due to it is NoSQL, you can perform join and other operations. Limited Storage option

So far I haven't had any issues

direct connection should be working every single time seamlessly

Onboarding has lots of room of improvements and alignment with EC. Onboarding forms little complicated and also customer cannot change on fly it’s in process by Onboardee or Managers

Wish I could vary the column titles for my various projects without having to open another file. More color selections on the cell filler options. Wish I could permanently separate the fields by closure (per quarter)

An equivalent of a Google Sheet page would be welcome. A simple, multiple user calendar. One in which Annual Leave could be easily mapped.

Builds on Adobe platform so it is easy to utilize, but many features require enterprise subscription. Integrations available but your CRM integration is only available with enterprise license. Lots of templates but there are additional templates with enterprise only and there was no drag and drop editor. Adobe captures some analytical metrics but many of the analytics we required were not available - specifically metrics related to how the tool converts and reduces use time by our team and the impact on clients.

must be hosted in the cloud, no on-premise option.

Cannot do a points drop off system - drops all points at one time (not from its occurrence. FMLA with Time & Labor does not transfer to HR & Payroll (have to manually track)

Sharing a public preview isn't intuitive. UI is complex. Link checks aren't always accurate

one improvement could be easily adding users to the training rather then whole group. Another thing is I have to manually select the level of subscription we have in order to filter out trainings specific to our level. I think it would be ideal if it was setup to be default

Seated shows could have additional functionality. Additional permission options. Single sign on

It can be hard to get full buy in from your team to create cards

Quite hard to implement alongside existing security tools

Feature tour at update would be nice

filters on report. filters on dashboard. improving UX for timesheet. make some easy solutions or setup for timesheet reporting

Give me bootable media for building immutable storage from scratch. Linux backup proxy VM's, keep making these easier and better. Make it all linux based including management

When you can add viewers to boards and set it so that they can only see the pulses they are assigned to, they shouldn't be able to see all the groups!

When jobs fail sometimes the errors can be very cryptic. Upgrading to new versions can be a headache. Requires a cluster of servers

I would love to see nested folders in the segment creation and campaign folder structures. Our sales team would like to see a contact reporting hierarchy. Please make it so we can export list names as a field into Salesforce or export a list to a campaign. Our sales team would like to be able to easily add their exported list to a Groove campaign. Alternatively, a Groove integration would be even better.

Screenshots of related items. Card suggestions linked to a topic. Bookmarked article for easy access

it feels a bit busy at times. there's lots of irrelevant features to us that we'd rather not see. it would be nice if the columns didnt have to be the same for each group, item, and subitem - different sub items/items need different statuses

Some more FAQ. A more instant helpdesk. Make the UI have more contrast

Posting internal employee information.

The search is not always intuitive to users who don't use it frequently. The AI tool should help with that. Tracking creators of cards - when someone else verifies a Guru Card, they become the "Author". The Chrome extension is occasionally a bit temperamental.

Ns2 support is challenging when modules are housed and supported by SAP SuccessFactors. Typically this created lags in understanding the the correct resources within SAP SuccessFactors. Ns2 adoption of latest software can create significant gap’s I functionality availability to ns2 example people analytics

Customer service. App software. Optimization

Working with regular expressions could be enhanced in my opinion. Also REST & SOAP workflow actions could be improved.

everything about the mobile app

Lack of open source support compared to GitHub. In browser IDE experience is not fully seamless. Lack of cross platform support

Additional custody provider

I would love to see a roll up feature integrated to sync boards automatically based on a drop down box, rolling up the information into a dashboard per client or job. It would be nice to have the ability to change the list format per group and just link the columns that need to communicate.

Schema update was challenging, but it is difficult for RDBMS in general

Security Roles. Updating Dynamic Assignments. Support. But that may really be more about our contract with a reseller.

Would be good to move the divider between the sidebar and boards themselves -- some board names are long, we can't see them in their entirety. Would love to see a general/main way to add notes to a board -- and/or group -- about a project. We like having boards with tasks, but there's no place to pin a note at the top that would be useful to refer to. Do more with the HubSpot integration

Ease of use for those not familar

Room to expand on project management.

Jobs metadata to be available in Snowflake. Error messages some times are not so clear. Job Optimization recommendation

Searching for a particular entry within a long compounded JE. Auto logout is irritating

Cross-Region Automated Backups. More Granular Backup Retention Policies. Schema Version Control.

our company doesn't have access to many options, so I cannot say. I just know I really enjoy this CRM platform compared to others.

Notifications and follow up on chats. spam inbox is not always spam. manage it since the beggingn

I would like to be able to calculate totals at the bottom of a column to include sales tax

Internal linking recommendations. Bulk exports of data. Data visualization

Some of the features are not as intuitive as Id like to see.

Speaker Resource Center. Data tags in Session descriptions. 15 minute idle before getting logged out

More complex analytics when creating a dashboard. A simple connection with boards to automate tasks between areas. More functions when creating columns in boards

I am pleased overall with this product!

The Recruiting feature has given us many issues.

Employee retention. in person conferences. smarter functions. live networking trainings on different functions/products

Desktop app. Side by side experiment comparison (tabs)

Visual flowcharts would be a nice addition. A more colorful UI. Better customer support.

Reporting/Story Reports. Onboarding 2.0. Contingent Workforce Module within EC

Direct phone calls were not arriving from external callers. Internal calls could not be transferred. Process for approving SMS messaging was cumbersome and confusing.

I don't like because the updates are very heavy and very expensive. This is the main issue we have.

Remove preview limits!. Do more bootcamp. Make review group for several email client

Paylocity tries to stay ahead of competitors with services offered but fails to ensure services function exceptionally well. Customer service is lacking. 'Call center' style customer service instead of dedicated rep that knows your company's system set up. Issues take too long to resolve - often months for a resolution. Sometimes no resolution due to system limitations

More customization. Email reminder options.

Command Center availability with VMware. More proactive touch points. Recommendations based on monitoring, proactively

Implementing new feature requests. Better multi-level folder structuring. Better integrated diagramming on tasks.

Better filtering of opportunities. More timely notification of opportunities. A comprehensive view of government entity profile including contacts, contracts, vendors, rfp's, etc.

additional features to continue enhancing user experience.

Form designing. Enhanced workflow automation. Improve the ease of Integration with RPA

manual or guide when selecting alternative signer

I think there always could be easier ways to build apps with Mendix, and I think they tend to be doing a very good job. I haven't seen the new Mendix 10 yet, but I've heard some about it and they've implemented a lot of improvements, AI features, and other things. So we look forward to using those features as we get more experience with Mendix 10.

Tags could be automatically arranged, even if not put in order manually.

Make it easier for new users. Provide one stop service. Training

excel sheet management. data visualization. Report and dashboard

Better export feature for Excel

Customer Service. I want to be able to directly get in contact with someone who can help me. Currently, I have to go through HRIS who will then submit a help ticket. It's a whole process, and I don't get a quick response. I want answers to my questions when I have them.

Reporting is good but could be easier to setup

Adding new entities into existing grouped account recs. Bulk re-assignment of journal masters. Ability to select specific journal masters to run to create child journals

I would say with the OSS just because there's been a lot of bugs that have been affected. Now I know some of this is not Cisco's fault, but some of this Cisco has put out bugs, just some of the customers haven't upgraded. But I'd say with the OSS is just trying to get that a little figured out better.

Building Reports. to be able to process more personalize reports to generate information

Pricing. UI is intuitive but powerful features require deeper knowledge of SQL

It is hard to copy another board to use as a basis for a new one. To fix something it is difficult and requires starting over on some parts. We wish it could be more geared to adding files of music or videos onto each board

Out-of-the-box messaging clients for operational and test support

System manager. Some inventory management. Configuration settings is not easy task

Layout. Font

Adding chat. Nothing else.

Reporting options. Include union processes. Include two way texting options in Recruiting

Moving more than one job at a time within a group on a board

Don't have an example of an improvement

Customer Service. Depth. Detailed Information

The Search function is limited, it can take some time to find the right footage. The site can get hung up occasionally. Searching collections and similar shots could be improved.

The different spaces can be confusing. Project plan titles do not appear on the to do list view. when I change dates on a task that has subtasks, the subtasks sometimes don't automatically adjust even though I check the box for that to happen

Basically more API integration. The more, the better. I mean, we like to see a lot more cloud management tools on there.

Reports are too complex. ADP WFN and eTime sometime do not work well together

Enhanced Test Scripting. Improved mobile testing. AI Integration

Tools to communicate as a team; discussion boards that can be linked to tasks, but can be their own stand-alone group discussion boards more so for "brainstorming" new ideas. More automation recipes, mostly with subitems. Ability to edit/change/reorganize automation recipes. I want to be able to re-arrange the order of the subitems that come up under a new item (that are part of a custom automation recipe). We use subitems as our "checklist" of the repetitive tasks for each item(client) and we want the checklist (subitems) to be in the proper order that we normally would complete each task. When we think of a new repetitive task to add to this checklist after the fact, the whole recipe must be rewritten to correct the order.

Standardized processes and journeys can improve.

Faster uploading and downloading of attachments. More user-friendly approver feature. Improve the comment box section

In my experience, occasionally get error message that's vague saying "Something went wrong" but it does not really go into the what part of that error message. In my experience, sometimes the page does not load although it can sometimes be resolved by refreshing the page or trying again to load the page. I wish that the integration with Google sheets would include line hyperlinks to the files that are uploaded through our photo upload form. In my experience, it just gives the URL which would need to be pasted into a browser.

The user interface has too many options. Sometimes it becomes difficult to find out so many available options. Mobile application sometimes crashes on iOS. You can't tag a person who is not on the monday.com Platform

Integration with our SSO software could be more seamless. Collapsible images would be a nice feature

Inventory Process. Editing POs after a month. Editing inventory items after original creation

Slight learning curve. Deployment can be tricky at first. UI could be better.

Price should be competitive or product price should decrese. Needs to improve support services. Proper and clear usage documentation should be provided

The cost of adding emojis is preventative.

reports on communications performance. more customization. improve usability when creating tours

It would be nice if Website tools were part of the main offering rather than additional

So one is it does what it does. I mean load balancing pretty well. But I think when it comes to distributor denial of service, I think it needs to sort of have a little more breakdown on the products that are affordable. It's very expensive to have a distributed denial service solution. If you could implement distributed denial service features at a low-balancer level, that would be awesome. I don't think any company has achieved it successfully. But because this brand has a background in these kinds of products, I'm pretty sure you can come up with something that we are looking for.

I find it virtually impossible to access people when you have issues with anything. In my experience, everything runs through account managers and they are non-responsive and unavailable most of the time. In my experience, 99% of all communication with anybody at Avalara has to be done via some ridiculous form or via email. Human contact is extremely difficult to resolve an issue that sometimes requires human to human contact.

Charts have some room for improvement, especially regarding the labeling. For those team members who are not used to project management, sometimes the details can be overwhelming. Notifications frequency can be annoying sometimes

UI can be "busy" sometimes. Global block/allow lists sometimes don't work as expected

When u leave it for long enough it get disconnected. GUI Not loos friendly. Reporting not good

Having to clear cookies & cache in order to use Guru - have to press enter when searching rather than it auto populating as you type

Unknown system outages that are during normal working hours (once every couple months it will be down for 3-4 hours). Site map doesn't allow for specific landing pages. For example, invoicing: I'd prefer to be able to have a "favorite" be for either subcontractors or owners. Drawings functions are not user friendly when needing to do estimation takeoffs

More of an environment issue, but better support for sizing and speed problems. Live migrations status bars..seems like the final 1 to 2% functions take the longest as I watch for them to finish. I know the step we are at, but it takes so long as you are waiting for the last bit to complete (VM RAM and system state) . I know they do not know the exact sizing, and it is the last 1 step of the 99 it did, but I get antsy

Reporting. Onboarding. Auto pay calculations

I don't see much that I would change. It works very well and the more complicated an app becomes, the harder it is to use. It already has a lot of features. It has even kept the FTP option if it's needed.

Initial training could have been given more time. Position Management was not thoroughly reviewed, and we have come to realize that this is a major system driver. A lot of the initial set up was done for us, which seemed great at the time, but when it came time for us to handle items, we struggled. The cost is higher than most other systems and the billing is very confusing

They could accept the money in Israel instead of having to made transfer to their US bank. They should support every business transaction including drop shipping. They are quite expensive (the fix monthly charge)

More tutorials. Become more intuitive

Integrating with other operating platforms. More customization

The dashboard function is not really useful for our projects since we can't really use the custom fields to build them. It would be nice if the reports generated could be converted into graphs in Wrike. I wish we had the option of customizing which custom fields are to appear on the face of each project

Licensing, our perpetual license was forcefully removed from us after 8 years without warning, causing a doubling of the price, after providing a signed sales quote for renewal through our VAR. Parallels sales team did not seem to care, and was willing to throw away a customer who used their services for nearly a decade, and throw our VAR under the bus. continued addition of new features for existing platforms, not just a focus on the hot new cloud offerings.

quicker loading time. Mobile friendly user face , some features dont work on the mobile app. Track employee locations

I would like to have more audiences. Phone support for standard plan. Allow to use our subdomain without buying from mail chimp

Cost is a bit high for a single license, but this is a full featured application.

The query limitation, the service allow query on index, but not allow if index not available. Table join is not available , which is difficult for complex queries. Size limit on storage capacity

Sizing of sticky notes. Stickers

I'd like to see yet more configuration options for the dashboard. Add a risk matrix template. Add "knowledge packs' - things such as go to market strategy, pricing strategy. change management, BPO, etc. to give users a fully immersive "one-stop shop"

Speed (in development). Continue developing 3.0, releases are exciting. Not much else comes to mind

Easier ability to create Teams. Oversight by upper management via specific location assignments

Constant updates that are hard to keep up with. Difficult implementation process that did not leave me feeling prepared to administer the system. Not very responsive help provided

Errors on EC to ECP/PNR intergration. Mass data changes are difficult. System business rules and configurations are challenging to use and learn

The way rules are built could use better documentation. Java-Applets are not the best way to implement changes in forms, etc. The UI could use a modernization

Pricing needs to be lowered. Adding accounts is sometimes complicated. Analytics reporting could be made easier and provide more details on posts. They just changed the username linking for multiple platforms and it creates more work!

Flexibility as any CMS on the market

Development CRM - not intuitive and needs a lot of customization. It is very difficult to receive focused support. Formatting in attached Word files gets distorted if right-to-left (Hebrew) and left-to-right (English) languages are used in the same file

IBM Cloud Hyper Protect DBaaS

Ability to apply automation or notifications to tasks right within the dashboard.

I work in Bio-technology. They have introduced nice Healthcare templates and props to use. However, if they can keep adding props and templates to the scientific area that would be of use to me. The timeline can sometimes be a little hard to read, particular if you add features. The music selection is limited. If they could add more music to the audio selection that would be good. I love the text to speech but it can be time consuming to add to every frame. If they can make this easier it would be good.

While the platform is accessible on mobile devices, improving the mobile app's functionality and user experience would be beneficial.

It doesn't have built-in email marketing tools like some of the more expensive competitors. It doesn't have optical character recognition for adding business card data, a scan input function would be nice. That's about all I've found is missing

I do the same 4-6 competitors every quarter, so ideally it would prompt me when the earnings transcripts are available. In ideal world, it would provide a summary of key points from the earnings transcripts.

can't think of any for our environment

The product could be improved by expanding the ability to screen for insider buying/selling. It would be helpful to be able to get a summary of insider transactions for a given company on a weekly basis just to identify any material changes. It would be helpful for the product to provider blacklines for international (non-USA) companies. I find the USA blackline reports especially helpful, as I can quickly see what wording has changed from the previous filing. However, the blacklines appear to not be available for European companies. Lastly, peer and larger customer information would be helpful to have on a concise screen. Some filings mention material (>10% of sales) customers. Therefore, it would be helpful to have a pre-arranged option to see the material customers for a given company. As this would be based on a word search, I think the preset option (i.e., material customers) would be possible to add as a feature to Alphasense.

A more streamlined approach for non-licensed users might help even more

User Interface to be developed(UI). System performance to be developed. Has a limitation for adding the number of equipment

Data could be structured more for actionable insights

In my experience, they allow scamming on their site, freelancers ripping clients off. In my opinion, their Customer Support don't take disputes seriously. In my experience, Upwork removes written reviews

It's an standard DB

The quick search button is not immediately visible on the main page.

The amount of time it takes customer service and or tech support takes to get back when issues arise. Communicating with one drive, SharePoint, Dropbox or secure share at times to retrieve documents needed. Not force changes or updates on users until they wish to implement them.

More Features. Functionality. More personalization

I find things mostly intuitive now, but there was certainly a learning curve at the beginning. I wish there was a more in-your-face short training or introductory video that I could have shared with my team before jumping in. There was a lot of trial and error. More templates! I love the social media planner template, but wish there were additional options to choose from. I wish that there was a way to add tasks assigned to the team to appear on my "My Work" page, without adding individual's tasks as well.

Showing more than one week at a time on the timecard view. Back arrow takes you too far back. Can't fully get rid of project rows from timecard; hit "remove" and it still comes back the next time

LMS - might be lack of knowledge on our part, but inability to create learning journeys/paths across multiple learning catalogs in a clean, user friendly way

The navigation controls for reviewing video are quite good for an online platform, but the instructions for a non-video professional should be right there on the review screen. Wish there was a way to use embed codes on the hosted videos so they could be embedded on our website portfolio page (or others).

Shorten times required to obtain assistance with issues. Improved training during onboarding. Better understanding that not everyone understands ADP and industry terminology and information at same levels so when speaking to people you must understand your audience and adjust accordingly. You can't instruct with resolutions as if helping coworker that has same level of knowledge as you when person has little to no understanding of what you are referring to leading to mutual frustration and no resolution of issues..only poor experiences.

The API is hard to understand and you need to often "chain" API calls

Integration with DEP or Apple could be made easier but it works fine once connected. Support could be improved as it was a little complicated for some administrators who are not considered super admins. IBMid is still an issue for my account since I am an administrator on a server that is owned and managed by our USA division but I support Canada which does not have its own server

A little more flexibility in the multi-location and/or consolidation setup would help. Lacks the ability to apply "Event correction" settings on specific product groups or categories, it can currently only be applied to all or nothing.

Price per license. Asset Portfolio Management. OKRs

Lack of sophistication in email templates

notification are heavy and things can get lost. my work section can become cluttered. deadlines are glitchy to input

Create videos for social media. Create Gifs. Newsletter templates that are not HTML but copy/paste code.

Easier forms. Move to "completed" without delays. Organization in file tabs

User interface. Version control. Repository

Colour-coding in charts (based on different filters). Create a view mode of the dashboard from other people's perspectives. Be able to integrate two boards to create one single widget chart

backend architecture is complicated

automation. automation. automation (calendar function)

Some of the payment summaries created by system we cant edit and modify as per client requirment if we can it ll be very usefull. Sandbox Access should include all activities with real time data

Response time

helping clients with reconfiguration

Better options for searching for and sorting components. More label options for visualizations and freeform tables. Exporting more than 50,000 rows

Hard to identify event source of incidents being reported. Reporting can be confusing and difficult to get right. Hard to keep on top of incident reports

Based on source tool hierarchy, need view into the parent/child relationship. Export of data into the companys format for reporting up

The look is clunky and outdated. It is a bit hard to navigate.

Quicker response times to support tickets. More advanced functionality of subitems. monday.com docs could be great, but we've had lots of glitches/issues with them

Ability to simulate the preview on different devices. Statistical significance estimate in the report seems to fluctuate often, with no context or update on what changed and why

Complicated design. Learning curve - explain how to use it in clearer ways

Executive Project summaries can be more detailed. Distortion while using in mobile browsers. Project Analytics have missing elements such as 'Individual Resource performance'.

Connection with other platforms. Employee Central linkage to internal employee applications. Dashboard reports

if we could decrease the costing via some kind of sampling of errors. sometimes same error is in loop and Sentry will count all the events for pricing if there is any way this can be reduced. self hosted capabilities or using own storage to reduce cost.

Need to access the site in order to share the URL of a project plan with a client/would be nice to do this directly from the app. Would be great to receive alerts - if something is past due/etc.

Our site has about 250,000 definitions pages on dictionary.com. We've got about 150,000 synonym pages across the source.com. So very high volume of pages. As you can imagine, most of these are pretty low traffic. You've got maybe that top 5%, 10% are really driving a huge amount of traffic, but then you have all these really obscure things out there. There's still a lot of important information you can get there and oftentimes in our Adobe Analytics reporting suite, it'll kind of bundle things at low traffic at a pretty low threshold for us to get to. So that can be a limitation when we're trying to do some really detailed keyword analysis. The way we've gotten around that is we make use of the data feed and the export. So we make the data available to our analyst in more of that raw state. So when they really do need to truly get into that weeds data, we don't run into that low traffic limitation.

time off set up for employees

UX needs to be rethought. In my opinion, text is very small and often not intuitively laid out. In my opinion, better integration with other Optimizely products: expectation is that it should dovetail into ODP, CMS, content recommendations and Delivera. In my opinion the current stack integration is not cohesive. In my opinion, library needs to be improved with more of a Finder or File-system-like interface. In my opinion, it's very hard to organize assets that have been placed in the top-level folder by default. Better search based on file name and content would also be helpful. In my opinion, there's a big gap between a collaborator and a guest.

Easier way to sign in. Access important documents easier. Nothing else

Integration with accounting system requires manual intervention periodically to restore accurate ledger data

Outlook app often disconnects on it's own. No ability for a combined deal with customer view. Minor glitches from time to time (but they do a great job of letting you know it's a known issue on the site and that it's being worked on)

Nexus Dashboard should merge views from Cisco ACI and NXos into one common Dashboard. Nexus Dashboard should have a history of searching for information about the indicated endpoints. Nexus Dashboard for ACI should have possibility to check compliance wit best practice implementations

Automated Backup and recovery is a complex feauture, this needs to be simple as it is one of the most important feauture. Transactions limit needs to be increased, currently it is around 20-25 unique items. Cost estimation is hard and challenging

seems like I hit "dead ports" a lot of the time when I initially connect. ability to silence participants cna be difficult to find "on the fly". not sure if integration with apps like Gong is available? The ability to record should be built-in

Carrier feed visibility. Self taught courses for learning opportunities

Lacks some more robust features as compared to competitors (ie Dropbox). Lacks “online only” storage. Lacks more advanced sharing and online file viewing features. Lacks a “Transfer” feature (a la Dropbox or WeTransfer)

runs only on windows s.o. hungry for ram. a bit expensive

So a couple of things that are missing. So it doesn't do everything that Cisco, the main Cisco Catalyst Switches do, but it's pretty comparable. We found a couple features that it just didn't have, it didn't have a particular multicast version. There's a couple little things it didn't do, but overall it's good. I mean, for our use case it works well, but there are some limitations.

Continuous performance management. More hands on content on people analytics. Good documentation without overwhelming the users with data

The user interface. Quicker support on issue tickets. More detailed error codes for some of the generic errors

The messaging journey, rather than going via various screens - would be good to have them in a single page. Would be good to know if the Product supports WatchOS And Android watch notifications

More personalization. Hover over notes to see the body instead of having to click it. Being able to open notes as pop-ups. More effective task organization. Allow for team members to remove tasks from set stages when not applicable

The ability to upvote cards. Better duplicate card detection. Ability to integrate with more software

The search results aren't always great. There's a lag in email updates. When you try to add an email's text to a project using the CC URL, it doesn't always work. Not very "clean' look on left side

Larger size file sharing. Longer meeting time for trial version. Use on mobile

Workflow. Reporting

Expand your offerings into more categories

option to put the device in a separate rack. some buttons could be better situated. access directory

Better 3rd party integration for reporting (direct Google Sheets). Improvements on RBAC. OpenSearch Reserved Instances recommendations do not exist

Decent learning curve. Some support staff seem more knowledgeable than others.

Continuous Performance management - it is not user-friendly and employees/managers do not use it even though we have enabled it and trained. Executive Review for Calibration. It needs to have more edit functionality and not just dashboard material

In my experience, reporting is a problem, especially if courses are assigned to an individual, but the individual is assigned to a team. In my experience, the team lead cannot generate a team quick report and see all the courses assigned on the individual level. Allowing the expiration date of a LP to be changed via a team. Many of the parameters, like expiration date, emails are on the course level. It would be nice if these features were on the people level.

UI with artificial intelligence. Reporting

The security models have solved our challenges. The system has performed beyond our expectations.

Multi-Language Support. Mobile SEO Optimization. Advance Reporting and Analytics

Reseller Portal could use some work, but has been improving

Payment transfers. Time of payment verfication. Huge fees

Its not that easy it needs support of experts. It doesn’t track the apps on url base

Capacity and Demand Management - Allowing for specific criteria and future forward planning. Automated notifications for new work and/or approvals

needs more defined access roles to the system. HR doesn't need same access as accounting, but it does need some items that are restricted under the accounting role.

The search function: makes it difficult to search for items and documents without getting the codes exactly correct. A suggested search feature would be beneficial. The BOM export function could be refined to allow users to specify which file type they specifically want exported (eg. PDFs, Word, STEP). Further traceability for lot numbers/ serial numbers in the quality world.

We are having issues with deployment in Dubai and the Middle-East

Reporting. Access for survey results. Automated notifications when a survey is submitted

Grouping of boards

Graphs. Dashboards. Messaging

Automatic company updating when a contact person is assigned. When a company is listed show the company contacts first

Offline mode!!!

So silly, but have a color picker :). Show groups clearer (maybe dots around which are grouped together) not frames. Frame name freedom! Want to have no name some name, emoji name, picture name!

workflows a limited. block publishing if shared. DNS management for complex enterprise domain hosting (some part of our www. going to Optimizely Content Management System but not all)

The upload utility can still be made simple. The user management interface can be made more user friendly. Defect Management features to be added.

instant chat feature

contributor's interface

It takes a little bit of work to really get your head around how to structure content in Guru. It's not the worst I've dealt with, to be sure, but certainly an area I've seen growth in Guru over the past decade. Guru knows that their sweet spot is internal knowledge management .. and they are the best at it. I do wish that they would get (back) into public KBs as well. Having public-facing cards would be a huge win. That being said, it's hard to argue with success. I'd like to see better integration with Microsoft products, especially Dynamics 365.

More training is needed to get familiar with the app.

Not terribly intuitive. It was difficult to get buy-in, ClickUp is typically the first thing an employee neglects when they get busy. Occasionally glitchy, and things don't work. Reloading the webpage typically fixes it, but it's annoying to have to do that. The desktop app was especially glitchy so I stopped using it. That was a year ago, perhaps it's gotten better.

Support other vendor hardware security tokens. More price competitive

Documentation needs to be more clarified since it can be confusing for beginners. Notification alert message templates need to be simplified

File/board management. Alligning objects between each other. Have more shapes for diagramming

Documentation should be expanded. If video related training is added it is great.

Speed of page. Adopting accelerators

Workflow automation could be simpler. Clear understanding and simple usage of the prospecting platform. Tasks can be a bit confusing

Truly, I have nothing negative to say about this system!

Expiration Dates on Gift Cards. Credit Card Processing Fee. Set-up Verification is a little overkill

Documentation and User Guides. Data Export and Integration. Issues with Data Syncing using Connectors

faster support

Support. less restrictions

keyboard shortcuts/key commands: consistency of the existing ones + ability to assign custom key commands. navigation in the content manager: shortcut keys, expand/collapse all, remember position, filtering. more features for tables, e.g. table templates

Mobile Experience. Offline Access. Better Integration with Third-Party Tools

UI Interface

It is difficult to rectify the errors or mistakes we made in the past and it takes much time to edit it. It doesn't work in offline mode which creates time wastage when there are some internet crashes. It is quite expensive when the work of the organization is small. It is very easy to make many costly mistakes because of lack of audit trails

Currently limited only to Microsoft Azure. Would love to see the functionality expanded to other clouds.

The SMS portion goes down often. I would move the approve and deny options to ensure it requires different interactions each time.

Offer letters. Zoom Integration. More Customer level configuration

swipe function for left and right swiping. credit card integration. integration with QuickBooks

Reporting and Analytic at the resource level. Capturing history - after progressing runs it wipes out who did what hard to know to to have conversations with. Slowness - switching screen the load takes an eternity. Customer Success Center do not produce answers to match my question.

Provide better customer support. Cost Optimisation Suggestion

The interface is a bit clunky. It can be slow at times

Delay in introducing expected features. scalability. Compatibility with other migration tools

Zoom Phone does not have Fax support..

Benefits. Open Enrollment. Life Changes

Accounting integrations with QuickBooks Online would be nice

Add a contact us page to the website. These people are impossible to reach.

risks, dependency, issue integration with PPM Pro

One small disadvantage is that the mobile app has fewer features than the web interface. It is primarily handy for viewing process maps while on the go. Another minor drawback is that, based on the complexity of your operations, the process of onboarding and setup may require a considerable amount of time, necessitating several weeks of onboarding activities. Finally, a handful of the third-party integrations felt functionally tacked on. But, the basic product works flawlessly.

In my opinion, not user friendly at all. I think it has to many steps to correct issues. some issues not fixable

Combine containers usage information with costs in a single dashboard. Dynamic temporal filters (last x days)

Information resource can be confusing at times

Building reports is not intuitive, especially the filter features. Most of the time I create a report that has way too much information and I have to go through and delete what I don't need. As an HR professional, it's tough not being able to do some things myself - like adjusting PTO hours if needed. Though I understand that many companies using TriNet may not have anyone in HR or people without a lot of experience, so it is ultimately to protect their clients.

The visual builder is glitchy and doesnt save changes sometimes. The code editor has low contrast and is uncomfortable to code in. The control+f sucks and half of the time the result is underneath the control+f overlay

In displaying the effective dates for pay rates, it would seem more beneficial to display on form 1 rather than selecting another area to review the effective date.

If Listclean can verify phone numbers that would be great!

improve implementation process. quality control

It has to improve linux restores both file and vm. IBM i back ups are not possible at this moment. Backups for VMware is ultimate but for Nutanix needs improvement

Gant chart interface could be a bit better to navigate

Need automated triggered checklists

more lenience with uploaded observations when the feature tables don't fully match the feature set that the deployed model trained on. Instead of simply erroring out, provide prompts for in-place fixes. null correlation analysis (how often two columns are missing values at the same time) would be very useful to help identify a different type of data relationship.

Should be able to communicate with outlook. Should be real-time in collaboration

I/O costs are incurred. Not fully MySQL compatible especially if you’re using something very specific to mysql. Might hit the upper limit on max number of connections

Read receipts. Quicker delivery times. Doesn't feel instant. Status should be automated for "online", "away", etc.

As with many VOIP providers, they've grown so much that their training, online knowledgebase and customer service hasn't quite kept up with demand. Having said this, I haven't needed to reach customer service because their product is so solid.

I can’t think of anything specific

Square 9 Softworks isn't hard to use, so no improvement necessary. The functionality of Square 9 Softworks more than meets my needs, so no improvement necessary. Square 9 Softworks should continue delivering a top notch product

over-inclusion of fees, assessments in new jurisdictions that truly are not applicable to the services we provide. Provide the ability to see what justifications or applicable code applies to why a fee may be assessed so that users can review.

Hypervisor Support. Expand Cloud replication provider support

Missing documentation. view is hard to see in one

I guess the ability to gather data as far as specifics that we need in our industry, and I'm only speaking of our group being able to see average channel time shrinkage in a real-time state. I think that's probably where it comes through as we need more robust technology on it, because right now in the version that we're using, we don't really see it in real-time. We kind of get it afterwards, maybe 15 minutes, 30 minutes later.

Work Assignment changes when updating a primary work assignment. Better communication when working on open service tickets for EDI.

Cross functionality between boards. Not importing signature images into Files section

A case study on other companies who implemented this solution. More how-to guides. Be nice to have this integrated with our internal software

Customer service. Billing. Sunsetting of features

The ability to see outgoing emails with Gmail. The ability to bring attachments into ChurnZero from Salesforce

Improve Response time. Add write replica for scaling. database caching

The standard Anaplan integration tool (Anaplan Connect) seems very archaic compared to other available tools in the market and does not have the ability to transform data prior to it being ingested into Anaplan. They do offer another tool that does a better job and is more user friendly but it is for a fee. However, they will be introducing something called Data Management System in the next few months which is very promising and seems to be something that will handle all the things that an ETL tool does and more!. Calculations at various levels of a dimension can be tricky and requires more effort for a model builder. I have personally seen other tools make calculations at any level of a dimension so much more easy to build which in turn makes the drill through of those calculations less complicated and more easily understood by users. Would be great if Anaplan can improve on this area. Companies requiring very large transactional data sets to be used in Anaplan have the option of using a different calculation engine called "Polaris" which allows larger "sparse" models to be built and can work side-by-side with the traditional Anaplan engine. Companies needing these very large models built may then have to have models built using the traditional calculation engine (for smaller, dense models) as well as the new Polaris engine (for larger, sparse models) which will make the model build a bit more challenging. Having said this, I haven't yet seen an existing client need the new Polaris engine as yet.

Sage Intacct should have the feature to delete the entries if we have posted wrongly. Sage Intacct should able to work more smoothly at the time of generating reports. Should improve in customization of reports in an easy manner. Should able to sync with other software in less time so that it will save time.

Stop changing the workspace layout so often. The ability to organize your main page would be nice

I'm not involved but apparently the pricing model isn't great

I can’t use the app on my computer because it totally slows it down. Hard to find previously completed tasks sometimes. Easier feature needed to scroll to past dates more than a week ago. Very hard to find things a few months back.

Reporting capabilities. Project task and scheduling (Laying out the project plan with milestones and reporting on status reports). Resource Management stream- Making it easy for project assignment

I wish there was an option to add a-la-carte features to their plans, because the difference in cost between starter plans and the next step up is too much for us to afford. More features available to the starter packages would be nice.

out of the box office365 connectors with more options. user mapping from azure AD to groups and profiles should be easier to setup. hybrid view fully compatible with profile configurations on menu options visibility

Allow scheduled carousel posts on Instagram. More information on reporting. It can be glitchy at times

Lack of flexibility on candidate profiles for global companies

Website - too much information. Onb 2.0 candidate emails

Calculation function. Could add more most commonly used calculations. Add more layouts. Doesn't have to type a name for each item. Store previous versions. Like when you accidentally delete something, I found that I couldn't find it anymore.

As Avalara is connected to the invoicing system, it cannot be used for cash basis reporting. Would like to see it reference our system invoice names on the summary screens (currently have to click through to the transactional level to see it)

Would be nice to be able to block unwanted numbers.

performance on very large frames. more efficient fields to count hours and minutes. bug fix in file upload

You can create an album to share with those outside of your firm, but the only way to do this is to download files into a zip file. This is antiquated thinking. It would be much better if you could create an album that would generate a temporary web page that anyone outside of the organization could view by clicking on a link. There are a number of legacy items that are no longer functional. OpenAsset needs to either make these functional or remove the options.

Perhaps expanding for additional types of databases will be helpful for future growth - columnar, vector, etc.

In Jira cards we need to add some more custom fields details in it

Customer have complain regarding not knowing where to go to complete there work. Modernize the UI. Accessibility to customer data

the possibility of linking projects not only tasks. the capability of adding reminders to tasks or projects not necessarily by assingning. due dates only. the capability of adding predecessor or successor tasks or projects without having to add due dates

connection clarity could use improvement on voice calls. would love customization to toggle voicemail settings from mobile app

I would like to have a bit more insight into the things I don't know, I know what I use it for, but I am sure it can do so much more.

Customizable Slack alerts (not only every hour in the hour). Better payment plans for more users (considering users that only review information)

Algorithm doesn't make sense sometimes. Need to show more points in the front DB. Maintenance should be with prior notice to the users.

Some descriptions in the invoice Excel are confusing to customers who don't make payments in USA. If it would be more clear, it would save the time to seek help back and forth.

Exception details are difficult to understand the root cause. Sweep system could be improved, custom policies should be able to schedule independently instead of subscribing it to default policies. Background searches are not so easy to use. Bulk actions do not show progress

Loading times and refresh rates. (Especially when starting up). Overall interface flow could improve as its tricky to get to certain sub tasks. Date assignment is over complicated for what is needed, sometimes bugs out if your flow is wrong

Schedule recurring tasks. Profile section with assigned tasks. Calendar view for tasks. Notes for annotations

An integration with Lattice would be amazing, if not already available

Integrations. Observability. Service Tickets expertise

Sometimes the use is more for people with coding experience not everyday office personnel. Setting up automations need a bit more explanation at times, I often have to reach out to the help center. When labeling things, each column has it's own labels. It'd be nice to have the ones already created show up to be reused, not recreated.

Communication from support. Following through with system integrations. Ease in implementation

sub tasks

How timelines are showed. Folders are limited to two levels only, and could use more granularity so boards and docs could be further organized

More over in Ceipal ATS no queries in that.

More connections with major providers Ex. John Hancock retirement services. Faster UI - it has gotten better but is still slow at times

Support for creation of workflows for Box and Dropbox. Connectors like Power Automate

Creating address lists can be tricky at first but there are good trainings available.

UI/UX of its website. Identify unknown emails as clean or dirty. Also allow to upload excel file

User manuals. Provide and advertise training. More support to help our team learn

Create automations for guest users - i.e. notify a client when their ticket is ready. Create time based notifications - i.e. once a ticket has been delivered for over two weeks, send a chaser to client.

Sometimes the software is unresponsive. I also experiencing some bug occasionally. Comments are viewed and order historically, hence it's difficult to have context if commenting on older comments

Increases for data system can process when it comes to reporting. Allowing strategic structure capabilities to be similar to all others, currently limited in add/deletes from a structure standpoint and have to go the portfolio route.

More templates. Cheaper prices. Add on templates should be free

Integration to Azure DevOps wiki. Copy paste not always easy

Performance. Dynamic Cart Update. Merge multiple legal documents

Litmos could improve by allowing for managers to be able to see downline in their reporting heirarchy instead of just their direct reports. Litmos could improve with a better way to search their content library with key words

Integration with other platforms

The Slack integrations are a bit limited and needs improvement

Dashboards are not user-friendly like the boards, I think it can be better. Adding currencies rate could save a lot of time especially when we are tracking expenses in more than one currency. Items count to be added automatically

create Mogrts that don't break or have flicker when using in Premiere Pro. Be able to have 2 views of the full comp and the comp with a layer or effect turned off (instead of toggling on/off). When using linear wipe on text, have the transition percentage encompass only the text length (not the text in regards to where it is on the composition)

Make the Admin UI more user friendly. Reporting analytics should be included. Allow to have multiple pages open

User interface and experience. Documentation and training. Reporting capabilities. Mobile experience

At some point, I feel there is a performance degradation, so it may reduce the speed of the app. There is a lack of support when it comes to the advanced development features. There is no option to add CC or BCC people for the notification. This option should be provided.

can't figure out anything specific

I think it would be great to add an optional feature that sends you a ping when its a person's birthday.

Initial implementation help

Unfortunately, there is no provision of morethan one one network interface in each virtual server instance of z/OS systems. As a limitation at resource sharing, mainly Disks are not able to share between z/OS virtual server instances. Compression is one of the key feature should be included to support in the PCIe

The features are awesome. I have familiarized with al the set features. The overall performance is good.

Graph performance

A centralized dashboard should be there for analytics. Creating custom durations for sprints to accommodate for public holidays. Hovers for task descriptions for subtasks should also exist. The mobile app is not very easy to navigate when there are multiple boards. Template creation for sprint board structures would be great

RDS price may be complicated, with various aspects such as instance type, storage, I/O operations, and data transmission influencing costs. RDS may lag in supporting the most recent versions of database engines.

Being able to comment on a specific step on the card instead of only being able to comment on the cards entirety. Adding in more specific keyword features.

it can be jumpy. the redraw can take a while. difficult to use on a large scale / print projects

Better pricing options. Tailored UK portal. Better design features

Double usage of colors (i.e. if I want two of the same shade of red for two different groups or statuses, but different individual items). The color green not being restricted to the 'done' effects

slow backup times on O365. jobs fail easily if a large mailbox

More prominent transfer, hold, and leave icons.

Product deletions in mass require support ticket. Changing property names. Channel limitations - clearer limit sets

User Interface. Expensive. Documentation is up to date.

less complication. create more user-friendly approach. graphical user interface can be improved. storage can be improved.

implement an invoicing system

In our organization, we've done quite a bit of customization on certain components of the product. For example, it's a bit limited from a column control for content perspective. So we've had our developers come in and make changes to the components and deploy them so we can use them to deliver the business requirements.

Overall speed of development has led to regular minor bugs/issues

Maybe some kind of integration with MS Teams and breakout rooms. Adding sound experience - the facilitator (or anyboby) can play a sound from the library or any other source for the whole group - it would add a twist to our meetings. AI module for making notes out of selected content - texts on postits, schemas

Adding even more integrations. Adding some way to use values in items, for example, the total for one column, so you can estimate the % incidence of each item. Improving formulas and filters

Can be slow at times. Marking items complete sometimes do not move on to the completed list in a timely fashion

sometimes the backup that it says is there isnt. it is sometimes slow. searching is not everywhere accurate

Ease of use/tooltips for more technologically challenged users.

I find it doesn't always pick up every keystroke. I don't have the issue with any other program. I can't think of anything else!

Requiring a third party for configuration. Delay in NS2 features being released. Slow responses

OCR Technology. VAT Recognition. Faster Expense Report creation

eliminating the manual transfer process from ID to ID. reporting with time off accruals and linking with pay checks. I-9 process and being able to completed

analytics. load times. getting logged out. drag and drop upload

Support via Ariba connect - slow resolution, asking questions that were already mentioned in the ticket. PDF uploader with Cloud Trade

Extension on gmail could operate better. linkedin integration is not helpful. contact data would be great

Allowing the groups to have unique columns would be wonderful. There are times when a board has many groups, but the needs within the group are not the same. The change for all columns within a board to be the same is very limiting unless people move items from group to group. Not all users use the boards/groups this way. There is a column for links and a column for files. However, the File view does not show the files that are linked. This would be helpful. When the board is wide, it makes it a challenge to see what is needed easily. Less scrolling by using the file section in the update area would be wonderful.

Reporting. end user customization (Look and feel) example user themes

RCM is missing many features and have a lot of influence tickets opened. Managing RCM is not easy, as we need licensed consultant to support in many changes required (use of XML for configuration does not make sense to me). SuccessFactors whole platform version should be the same when migrating from an environment to the other. This was a problem for us when we had launched the system, in Preview it was perfect, and the same exact configuration was moved to Production, but we faced several issues with production that wasn't in preview

I don't have many improvements. Maybe to make the dashboard a little more customisable with the colours so you can add your own brand palette?. I actually loved the previous side bar before the new update was released. Still getting used to the new layout!

Can make it a bit easier for a team to use an account

Compensation data. Nicer employee profiles where you can upload documents, enter variable compensation and annual bonus. More customizable performance reviews, it is not easy to use

Over time, pricing is increasing as Zendesk breaks apart prior bundled features by license, and we would like to see better discounts for long-term customers. Chat Support is mixed- some agents supporting us as a Client don't fully review everything needed to resolve at 1st point of contact, while others do take that step. Offer more training (free) for reporting and multi-brand set up.

When you export to spreadsheet would be great if you can transcribe the formats, color and shapes.

The performance has been the best. Carrying out test cases has been running effectively.

Customization - You can't have a single instance, it will automatically comes with multiple AZ. Better Integration with other AWS services

Image masking is the major feature I would love to see in miro. Need more defined frame sizes. Need more AI design elements. Need more visual design elements support

I would say making sure that it has full integration across all the hyperscalers such as AWS, Microsoft, and Google. That would be a key area for me.

Hanging more tabs options. Need more options of communication with each employee. Different colors for coloring coding

Email notifications for administrators. Standalone feature for backing up SharePoint repositories

The UI isn't terrible, but it could definitely be better. The initial opening of the software takes several minutes, and could potentially be optimized for faster loading. In-program tutorials to help walk new people through processes that can get complicated.

Poor reporting functionality, they want you to purchase an additional budgeting & reporting module. Due to the level of customization, there were some complexities during go-live that created additional errors. Expensive compared to other ERP systems

Me and my fellow trainers (from different organization) have hard time copying boards from my each others' Miros. sometimes participants cannot enter a board as guests, without sharing their emails (which they not always want to do). sometimes uploading pictures takes looong time

Would love to see a function that allows companies to create chatbots pulling from their data stored in Guru. Ability to gamify progress through a series of Guru cards

A little bit costly, they should make prices more competitive. Webex Meetings should allow more information to be seen by participants because currently that's not provided. The scheduling feature sometimes is not automatic making you have to enter an ID manually.

Accessibility (after hours). Occasional one-size-fits-all approach. Occasional terminology differences

Documentation is oftentimes missing key information for proper implementation. This is circumvented by reading third-party guides or contacting support for additional details. They do not push Fail-Closed as much as I think they should. Fail-Open is fairly trivial to bypass and it should be made known to the customer during setup how much this will affect overall security. More vendor integration is something that is always craved by administrators. There are so many third-parties to integrate with.

Integration with other tools like PageProof could be better

An App pretty please. Mobile Responsive design - its very hard to use on my phone

ability to backup Azure resources (it does some but needs a wider spectrum). flexibility in cloud storage sources like setting up DR in an azure instance instead of only AWS. ability to delete data from their google workspace we have 97TB stuck and can't be deleted

Version management can be improved. It gets irritating at times. Limited query language as compared to some other industry rivals. Pricing is a little high

Timeline logic to set and update timeline dates when milestones change. Scope - there's not really a good place to put this. we use the info boxes section which is apparently a legacy feature but IDK where also we would store this without having to create a linked document each time. Project Plan collaboration - it's hard to share with clients just their project plan so they can view real-time updates

Takes a little time to get the hang of every feature. Onboarding new users takes some time

API. Integrations. Electronic fax

No ability to easily duplicate tickets. HubSpot CRM just deleted one of our deals pipelines for no reason and dumped everything from that pipeline into a 'e-commerce pipeline' and cannot find an explanation as to why and how to resolve the issue. We are stuck with many customer deals that were along our sales journey in various stages that are now just dumped in buckets that mean nothing. Once a property on a ticket or deal is made as a single select, there is no option to change it to multi select - you need to re-create a whole new property which doesn't work if you have many tickets or deals that already utilise the existing single select.

Customization is limited. Definitely more expensive. Not easy to navigate

On the fly DB Vertical Scaling could be useful. Connection Display & stats can be present to see and improve app design

Functionality in journal entries. ability to easily make some cells the same while entering journal entries

Sometimes processes are not automated in the best way, that is, the person responsible for using the tool must contribute and carry out this analysis to avoid problems. Initial implementation and configuration can require an investment of considerable time and resources. It is also important to have qualified people to make the most of the data collected by the tool. Another point to keep in mind is data privacy, since the tool can manipulate sensitive data in the process mining process. It's a complex system to understand and truly master

Setting up initial settings can be daunting without their support. The Search query can be difficult to learn until you gain the experience. Determining how to setup automatic messages back to employees initially

Ease of use. Setting up templates

CRM Integration for contacts could be improved, every day I have my lists to exclude my HubSpot contacts, but there are still a noticeable amount that show up on my list. The same goes for contacts that I have already exported and have opted to leave them out of my search.

Providing constant communication for in-office work, while working remote. tracking progress of each job. daily update to the team for each individual project

Automation are missing. Connection to outer platforms. Mobile support

Onboarding (as whole). Reporting. mass changes. search engine. Knowledge Base Articles or Community. Concentrate all the settings in one one hub

It's still, at the end of the day, a very traditional platform in by that we mean it's a bulk air platform. There are too many components, which means a lot more operating costs in terms of manageability and things like that. We have tried to streamline that as much as we can, but the multiple components still exist. If anything, Adobe could kind of think about that a little bit to maybe decouple some of those and make them a more slimmer platform. I think that would help. I think that a lot of customers are still in the traditional environment and as we ourselves are looking to move to the cloud, I think some of that will get taken care of, but I think that's one area where it would help if Adobe can put some thoughts into that.

I think the calendar should be easier to use. I think Search can be improved

Scalability concerns. This is a great platform for SMBs, but may not work particularly well in large organizations. Difficult for the non tech savvy user. Longer ramp time for them. Some automations are limited, but they are improving each month.

monday.com is a well-rounded tool that fits the needs of our team.

Email comms functionality and plugins. Measuring email comms interactions. Still required to run email support alongside cannot totally replace support@inbox just yet. Easier data imports and exports.

To be honest I really don't have any complaints at this time.

Uptime checks only seam to be possible with synthetic monitoring. Events for logs not grouped. Logging of confluent kafka

so far, i don't see any room for improvement

Show more example templates. Making the mobile phone interface clearer. Making the application faster.

No complaints pretty efficient

Learning the platform can be complicated. Posting shorter videos to help troubleshoot and problem-solved

Make the calendar a little smaller so you can see more on the screen

Editing current transactions via upload option. Directly receiving payments from customers without third party applications. Making payments directly to Vendors from Sage Intacct

Setting up manager access is a clumsy and burdensome process. I would like to see Paycom revise this process so that system administrators do not have to set employees up with separate manager login credentials for client side access. It would be great if employees could toggle between their ESS and manager profiles without having to first set up their client side access with a separate set of login credentials.

I would love for formula columns to be more usable in automations and other calculations. I would love to be able to be able to forecast resource for a quarter without the need of formulas. I would like 1 way integration from GitHub to monday.com so that I don't need to grant monday.com access to code repos.

Support could be stronger on first touch. The need to escalate and wait has been experienced through the years. Reluctance to come “take a look” and the time it takes to gather logs is extensive.

Ordering capability. Expense tracking and submission

Keep tabs of more dates than just the initial dates. For ex. keep tabs for first look dates, final creative dates, and delivery dates. send notifications for upcoming due dates

Customer Reps do push to be reviewed

easier to reupload. auto de-duping based on email addresses. recommended Salesforce format

Employee referrals. In my experience, there is lack of innovation in Recruiting space. In my opinion, Inability to search job profiles by job code. Requirement to have a Provisioning partner to complete certain tasks

Providing more differentiation between user roles. Ease of time tracking. Embedded reimbursements or ability to sync with a platform like Divvy

To enhance user experience it would be beneficial to make the interface more user friendly and easier to navigate. This can be achieved by simplifying the layout offering help when needed and utilizing terminology that's easily understandable. Additionally incorporating reporting features that are customizable will empower users to generate reports tailored to their individual requirements. In order to enhance the solutions efficiency optimizing the code and implementing data structures would prove valuable.

better reporting options for more complex data analysis. would be helpful to incorporate more business processess like employee timesheets. would like to see client invoicing features to generate quotes and invoices and collect payments right from monday.com as a native feature, not a third party add-on

I don't fully understand all of the tools they have to offer. Some of the reporting can be complex. Changing the user setting for one individual was challenging

Batch optimisation. Cost to company is high for IBM Z. Less resources available as per market demand.

Organization or the Interface (GUI) is not funny, and it could be much more appreciated. Personal libraries should include search element. Timeout to log out is very short, and sometimes you are discounted without an announcement.

Configuration backup and restore

DUO Integration

Parameter groups are sometimes confusing at the moment of editing. Just supports certain amount of databases.

Improve dependency functionality, making it easier and automatic to populate. Provide more monday.com docs templates

Could be more streamlined. Could have a more basic version (it is a step up in complexity from quickbooks). When trying to go back to a previous page/task (the 'done' or 'back' buttons) sometimes do go back too far, but sometimes they do. More consistency of how those buttons work would help.

Honestly, I'd probably have to think about that one. I mean, it's not that they're not there, just that's not on the top of my head.

Faster screen loading times. Ability to add multiple new COs to an invoice when billing. This was previously an option, but it changed with an update about a year ago, and you now have to add the COs one at a time, which is time-consuming. A dedicated sales rep who knows your account and makes suggestions based on your particular usage and needs.

There is no way to create an auto-incrementing numeric field. This is a common need for things like request numbers that need to be a human readable number that can be linked to other applications or the physical world. There are reporting and analysis features, but they are difficult to learn, not intuitive and cumbersome. Managing custom fields can be difficult. Maybe this is more of a user issue, but we have duplicate or similar custom fields and some fields are inherited that we do not want in sub-projects.

More Intuitive Interface. Less Complexity For File Level Restores. More Training Options

User Interface. Integration with non popular ERPs. Less window jumping within the application

Uploading docs sometimes is difficult. Duplicates certain projects with similar other projects. Notification of comments can be reduced

The customer service response needs to be better. All representatives are friendly to work with but from time of submission of the issue to resolution averages about a week, perhaps more. With new launches, the "bugs" in the system always require troubleshooting. This is fine but this leads to longer response times as the CSR team hasn't been trained on how to fix them. We have had lots of issues of who to go to for what issues, which also leads to the lag time in responses. We follow the protocol, only to find out our contact is no longer with the company or was on vacation. Again, this is what causes a lot of our delays in having any issues addressed and resolved.

I've given this feedback to them already, but I'm getting tasked with setting up executive dashboards and have become the go-to person to set up scheduled reports for our CIO, our CEO, and all the vice presidents. So one of our senior vice presidents challenged me to get them all in one email because they're getting probably 10 emails (or however many reports I have out there depending on the person). I was trying to set up some automation, and I ended up having to use a different tool, Microsoft Power Automate, to combine those links for those reports to click in there. There's no way in the tool that you can do those things. Sharing is not great in my opinion, and I've spoken to them about that and it sounds like they're coming out with some better sharing capabilities. So that would be my biggest thing is like AI automation and then how do I share this in a really efficient manner to executives that don't necessarily want to get 10 emails just from this in the morning when they already get a ton of other emails.

More pre-defined functions for ETL SCD option. More datatype support. configuration and setup can be made simple

Maybe allow us to dynamically move div around like scratch Sometime get emails, sometime doesn't get emails would be nice to create sub-branch of email based on changes made in Litmus rather than SFMC

Difficult to setup. Not the best at Event correlation. Recurring cost very high

SAAS, across the board

Litmus could offer cheaper plans for folks who just want to render test. 2. Litmus could offer more hands-on practical coding advice with Litmus Live 3. Litmus template are is a little clunky in how it saves.

presentation skills

all employees trained the same. friendliness. phone edicate

Some of the canned reports can't be modified. We work with a reseller for some basic reporting that should have been included.

links between boards on different pages. automatic emails to remind about open inquiries. simpler/ easier to customise automations

Pricing

Multifactor Authentication. Integration with other applications. Alludo's acquisition of Awingu will enable a lot more features and fucntionality that has been missing

Customization options for the customer. Fix how often linkedin gets disconnected from the platform

syncing information from one program to another. (ie, Salesforce and Monday)

Most of the things I can think of have now been addressed in this new release. Documentation could be less ambiguous sometimes. More active to detecting system alerts and having them sorted before we have need to inform them SAAS

better notifications when something is an issue. IE: tax set up or payments. Audits of payroll deductions vs. benefit enrollment. the ability to print a live check by employee would be nice.

Sometimes there are so many layers that it is difficult for me to find an attachment or what board something was posted on.

I wish the videos were not that easy to be downloaded by the learners. Litmos can work on the dashboard for showing all the courses. Sometimes we get the complain that people do not see all their courses and they should switch between tabs. Litmos can improve the peoples management features with more freedom to the account admins to manage accounts.

No auto-save - always forget to press save after every edit bugs if open in more than one tab - shows an old version (very confusing) subject line and pre-header aren't correct in proof mode

Better integration with Google Workspace - it is choppy and is limited in funcionality

The feature I'd love is to be able to tab between the boxes/columnswhen you are in the item card view. Also in item card view, being able to print those. Showing the overall total on a graph would be helpful. Right now you have to use one widget for the bar graph and another for the grand total

Provide for the direct submission of Payroll Based Journaling to CMS.

In my opinion, customer service. In my opinion, transactional relationship. In my opinion, communication with their customers

Since the verification came back as verified, we did not know what would happen if it failed, some examples or use cases published on their site would be helpful in this case. A white paper explaining how this could satisfy I-9 requirements. It would be nice if we could customize the verification report generated.

The phone app could be a little more useful. The "to do" feature could be better

Liquid cooling of the servers can reduce heat generation. From NBD warranty, they can move to a same-day warranty. Preventive maintenance during the warranty period.

It is sometimes difficult to find the appropriate report I'd like to run in Workforce Analytics. Afterhours support on chat would be very beneficial

I am not sure

Advanced Document Editing. Desktop Functionality. User Interface Customization

Hierarchy output without BI. More Flexibility in Onboarding

Slow rollout times need improvement. Ability to hyperlink would be nice. Credits get expensive with large messages

Sometimes I find the navigations is a little quirky. May just be me, however I sometimes get lost in how to navigate from one accountability to the next. This could be made easier with a quick search function.

I cannot think of anything that I would change at this time

Users aren't super familiar with the platform. When working with a remote team it is tricky to walk users through it

AI-based controls. Better controls on mass processing. Should be easy to implement custom business rules

There are a few complex use cases where we've had to reach out to Groove support / solution architects to come up with a proper solution. It would be great to see something like a "How We Solved That Using Groove" knowledge base created to help get the creative solution innovation flowing more for us before we have to formally reach out for support. It would also be nice if the Groove dialer had a way to better interact with inbound phone trees and/or more tutorials provided on how to set up Groove according to best practices with the top phone solutions like Zoom Phone. Groove Conversations is good, but it still has a ways to go to be an equivalent of other top tools in this space like Gong and Chorus. Our reps would like the ability to initiate an outbound phone call from their cell phone and have it be auto-logged without any involvement of their desktop Groove dialer app.

Notifications of failed service. Map of regions without service

The GUI. The Documentation. The Support is slow.

Summary reports. Total taxes paid reports. Total IRA contributions report.

Could be easier to add features from mouse right button. Could have themes. Links between different points on more scenarios

Notifications can be a bit overwhelming, but are customizable. Visual interface is a bit dated

Replies to updates do not have a WYSIWYG editor. Board search doesn't seem to search content in updates / replies. The interface has improved a lot and I've grown used to it by now, but it was a little daunting and overwhelming when I first started using it.

Product documentation is at times poorly written and hard to understand, in particular KBAs. Even with enhancements like CPQ Admin, our CPQ administrators find the solution highly complex and difficult to maintain and configure. Even with small carts, system performance is not adequate.

More freedom to create custom dashboards as on the previous versions we could do much more. The Performance TAB windows is too small and cannot be resized or maximized when looking at reports for "Overview", "File System" and any of those items. There are not enough widgets o create stunning dashboard in AP2

Alert rules are not working properly. Anomaly detection. Finding dropped flows

Flexibility. Alignment with Account Service and Partners

I wish there was a resizing option for files that are too large. I wish there was an option to view the posts set up like Instagram in the 12 view. I wish there was a "memory" template for hashtags or other content that is used on a regular basis.

Updated UI. Better intergrations with Marketo, Wordpress, and Drift. Better documentation. Improved speaker camera options (filtering/mirroring)

Web editor. Metrics

Would like better mass change tools. For a novice user, having "everything" available can be overwhelming vs. giving the user a "recommended" set of things to manage and then opting in and enhancing as they learn and can do more.

Additional manager access. Compensation module.

It works very well for my purposes

Easier ways to silence on weekends when not in office

Notifications

Large Error Messages. Error Message consisting of code instead of words. Load Times

I'd like to see even more widgets and plug ins

If you look at AEM, I think it's a very mature product. I mean, every product can be improved on a normal basis. New technology will come, you will add new technology, for example, you add all the AI and all this kind of stuff. That's all. But otherwise, if any particular thing which I say, oh, if that is, that it would have been best, I don't think so. AEM is pretty much a very comprehensive product. I would say that.

I'm going to be a little blunt here. So the way how MPP and bombs are getting separated out, that is creating some issues when we want to implement end-to-end processes. The bomb team, the manufacturing or the sector manager kind of team, tries to give various features for the materials and bombs related to them, but all of those features are not available for BOP. For example, solution variant creation. When we have a variant based structure, I can create a solution variant for bombs, but I cannot create a solution variant for BOPs and this is, I would say something of a gap that Siemens should address and get it fixed. We have to do customization, but if the product is itself giving us then this is an elegant way to push it further. This is what I would say is the issue.

Convert maps into 3D trees. Maps should move, interact, and show the branches alternatively.. Play mode. The software should be more proactive. Ask (prompt) the ideas automatically. Once the idea is written, it should automatically open to write the children concepts. Ask the user if the map should start presenting itself in 3D mode or 2D mode showing all the concepts interactively. USE AI to create an interactive map.

Not really anything to be honest

Having multiple teams linked to the same account. Inviting collaborators without needing to be on a team. User leaving company loses their boards.

Get more customizations and features to make the player even stronger.

Time tracking could be better, we currently use the numbers column instead of time. There are some automations that we weren't able to locate, though I can't remember the exact examples right now.

Access to more custom reports in normal package. Setting up admin rights/access slightly easier. Faster custom report creation

Adding subitems to subitems. Viewing full text within the column box instead of a pop out bubble for temporary viewing

Reporting & Analytics

Software Cost of the Platform

pricing. sometimes very slow. not cordless, which makes desk look sloppier

Expensive tool if you are on a budget. Custom configuration can be difficult and complex to implement for the first time. Learning Curve: Implementing and customizing qTest to suit your organization's specific needs may have a learning curve, and it could take time for team members to become proficient with the tool.

allocating to grants on timesheets. organization of reports

We need to be able to add road side service repairs not just scheduled maintenance. I would like to be able to pull more functional reports. There is a button when doing query of logs for a period of time that says to export, AND IT SENDS TO THE DOT BUT DOES NOT SAY THAT IS WHAT IT WILL DO!!!!!!!!!!!!

I always seem to struggle with finding a simple search button on the home screen to search for a contact - total user blindness. It tells us that your subject line could use improvement, but doesn't really give you good examples of what I should do to improve it. I wish it would use AI technology and just rewrite the subject line. I wish I could find a tutorial on best practices for journeys and how to use EVERY thing it has to offer. Maybe offer a Mailchimp 101 class with Q&A monthly/quarterly.

Missing of Integration with Emerging Technologies like Containerization and Orchestration. Cost Management and Pricing Transparency. Complexity of Configuration and Documentation.

Too many kinks still in solutions that are generally available. Have to use provisioning partners to do many things. Not super user friendly or intuitive, still need IT for too much configuration.

An issues reporting forum to see issues other companies may experience, troubleshooting and resolution steps taken to resolve

More webinars on using NFG effectively

Report to have the date feature back; when you run a report, you can see the date it is picking up. Enhance mobile access to have more features. LMS, add more features to get good reporting results, notification that new hires are missing mandatory training.

We have not runinto any issues other then trying to get lower pricing but we do that with all vendors

maybe a feature to alert the system admin when your having a problem with your token. some how make it easier for end users to move mobile phones

X-author for migration of products

Deploying. Tinymce config

Azure rightsizing and RI recommendations. Utilization reporting. Anomaly detection

There is no ability to show Gantt for one specific task and subtask from the task box. It would be nice if there was an option to quickly be able to do this to highlight one particular task/project timeline. Toggle in settings to show the location field at the top of a task like it used to. Can edit the date when looking at all the subtasks in a task, but not the status. This would save so many clicks for me.

The algorithms used by the Process Mining could use custom fine-tuning. larger pool of undocumented processes. deeper report for root cause analysis

Report creation for expenses could be faster. The mobile version is not as streamlined as the desktop version.

Building dashboards can be a little tricky, but Wrike's customer service is quick to respond and quite helpful. The onboarding videos have been so helpful to our team—I would like a deeper dive into using Dashboards and Reports added to these resources for our team to reference. Teams must come to a consensus about which notification settings are a must for ease of communication. We found that if someone only has daily reports turned on and at-mentions silenced, notifications are not as effective. There is not currently a way to add images or embedded links in forms. This would be helpful for us as we develop forms for design requests so that recipients can select from different options with a visual. When developing forms, there is only an option to include one tag with the ticket/task/project that results. We use multiple tags to keep projects visible in different team folders, so having that option would be quite helpful in saving us the time of tagging requests manually.

Pipelines - being able to share them or have permissions based viewing capabilities. Table size limits are small for really large apps. While I agree that there needs to be a cap on the size, it would be nice to adjust it up when needed.

Options of Different types of automatic voicemails. Options for a different voice of the default greeting for the voicemail.

The site has become 'glitchy' lately; cannot properly edit or add email addresses easily

Lag time when loading pages needs significant improvement. The information that can be filtered into widgets can be limiting. It would be so helpful to have formula choices in a dropdown with a cheat sheet of what they can do. Allowing weekends to be enabled or disabled per individual

More examples of use cases and templates. More options for automatic adjustments to allow timelines to be built based on when something should be finishing. Easier search functionality to find content and analyse

Click-throughs could be more seamless

Accuracy. User Interface

Getting started is a bit challenging. It would be nice to be able to save dashboard templates and have filters carry over

Linking to slides. Linking to excels and works on it online

A few tweaks and additions to the way certain metrics can be tracked on the monday.com boards

Program and Portfolio management - cumbersome to get program or portfolio roadmaps. High-level capacity management when project timelines change

Payroll Specialist constantly turnover. Apple Notifications for App are not consistent

When uploading multiple files, Monday.com will scramble the files, and they upload in different orders. As a content manager, a lot of things in my posts need to be in chronological order, and I spend a lot of time uploading to Monday.com one post at a time to keep the files in order. I would love to be able to drag and drop content into Monday.com and it is in the order I intended. Formatting of Monday.com on iOS can be cumbersome to navigate. Certain views and functions are inaccessible on mobile. The minor thing here- when moving things from group to group, I would love to not have my saved sort be adjusted. Oftentimes, we're making quick adjustments but still want to keep my sort view intact.

No ability to integrate with Google Workspace workloads

Our instance of Epi does not allow content authors to see thumbnails of graphics when building content blocks and pages. Our instance of Epi is fairly inflexible in the way the content blocks and pages were developed - if a business need has changed since the original scope of the page or block, we can't easily make adjustments.

Adding more training on Report building beyond the basics. Add more flexibility to enhance the report look/format, set up as we have with Micosoft Excel. Support to Clients is varied- some Zendesk staff are thorough and helpful while others just offer basic responses without resolving the actual issue

App for desktop management. GIS usage. Videos. text to speech

Certain automation is lacking. For example, I would like the ability to add a date and then it’ll automatically calculate the due date for me certain calculations like this I feel are lacking or are not user-friendly. I really wish there was a customer service number with life customer and support or Live chat. I would like it to be a little more user-friendly

it's a little costy. it can be complex to implement. it's third party so you have less controll

It could be easier to have the availability of joining a meeting of a different platform. USB Passthrough should be a default standard for any Room device. UX is the greatest, but devices could be cheaper

Options to show where to make a change such as 'report to'. Suggests to show what is needed to make changes such as name change, etc

Board Relationships

Shipping is a disaster. Inflated shipping rates sometimes equal to the actual product cost. Delay in getting items. It can take 4-5 weeks in some cases for items to be ready to ship. Store credit setup is confusing.

Design wise it needs an upgrade on the looks. Some options bug constantly. Direct support should improve.

I have noticed some bugs in the Nintex Workflow Designer with the State Machine action. For example, in the State Machine action, when you delete a state, the branch still shows and take many refresh to actually not show anymore. In the Workflow Designer, when we use a Flexi Task action: in the text for Task Notifications field there is no "word wrap" unless we skip a line the text we write just continues and gets of the visible part of the field. This is not at all a major issue but if it could be improved it would be great. It usually take at least 4 minutes to run a "Change State" it would be great if this time could be reduced. If Nintex support forum could be more reliable with the questions and responses that would be great. There is a lot of products in the Nintex Process Platform that we have no training on. I would not be surprised if the decision makers within our companies are even aware that those products exit.

Keywords can sometimes be conveluded. Multiple cards get pulled that don't make sense

More flexible licensing models. Reporting capabilities aren't as deep or as rich as other platforms. Outages while seldom do happen on occasion.

Stability of the app when bulk operations. such as heading being moved doesn't sync immediately. Also, the notification does't really work. Not really interested in the contents

UI can feel a little cluttered. It could save even more time with more advancements in AI.

Requires constant updates. Occasional bugs. Occasional Faulty info

Navigation could be more user friendly. Improve search results. Reorganize the Home page

report are very slow if data is high. workflow not trigger as per expected scheduled time

Maintainability would be probably the best improvements I can do. We had a lot of upgrading issues in the past. For us, it's still Noma Sure. Products that are still, Cisco is still developing and it become better. But in terms of upgrade, it's what we had the most issue.

Formulas within the boards. Integrations between boards. Pricing.

Localize payroll. Support in Spanish from SAP for me

It would be great if the previous routing page can be viewed through the current page I'm looking at. It would be great if the source of the image where derived from can be found in the page I am at.

Technical service can be challenging there usually is a communication issue. Tech support is always very pleasant but sometimes just don't get what the issue is. That has been the only downfall with 8x8

The Jira integration could use a little tweaking.

Portal / Dashboard. Integration across tools. System resources efficiency

The developed data orchestration models performs perfectly. This is great product with effective revenue generation models. I am impressed by the operation of the features.

I am 100% satisfied

Have received differing answers. Alignment would be good. Could have used higher leadership for better implementation guidance. Didn’t like that a date was not given for ONB 1.0 deplatform earlier on. Could have taken actions sooner to mitigate being without ONB module.

Better customer support. Complex steps and menu ambiguity. Missing configuration options for Windows. Missing MacOS configuration features vs Windows

Dashboards could do with being more "out of the box" friendly. I constantly switch bewteen the new AP2 and classic view for different functions. different user privileges could do with being more generic or simpler

The automated A/B testing winner selection and application should be added. The flexibility of message shape, specifically incorporating transparency so messages do not need to be a rectangular shape. Faster and more reliable servers around the globe. Making more detailed use cases and tutorials to be followed can simplify things for users

Education material and videos for beginners. More templates. More languages

Onboarding ease for applicant. Include support person throughout implementation. Maybe let implementation last a little longer

Mostly just little things I'd like to see. I know that, obviously, moving from one platform to another one, there's going to be bumps where we're used to doing something one way we have to learn the new way. So that hasn't been too much of a problem, but there are little quirks I think could be better. I think searching through the menus could be a little easier instead of always having to go back to the main menu so then go to the next menu. That could be a little easier. And mostly just other little tweaks like with gamification on some of the scorekeeping would be a good thing.

Automations can be complex to setup - even getting a notification to slack isn't straightforward

has not kept up with other platforms on automation of segmenting. not intuitive. older design - requires more steps to accomplish the same thing

Reminders on due deadlines. More of new feature awareness. better sorting

Health care management and follow-up with heath care providers. Payroll deduction accuracy and monitoring.

Performance module - the request for additional feedback from colleagues is fragmented; allowing the form to only be sent to one commentator at a time results in delays in obtaining feedback from multiple individuals

Finding answers to questions can sometimes be difficult but I haven't found it impossible - yet. The colour palette for charts and graphs in Dashboards could be bigger - allowing us to choose colours that match our company colours.

If there could be a tab or a search bar on each page which can make it easier to search for any exact word or query

Employee Central - in my opinion, it looks like an old school database. UI - it got upgraded, but in my experience it's still behind workday. EC Service Center

In my opinion, Paychex Flex does not have good org chart software. In my opinion, The Benefits Platform is underwhelming and needs work. In my opinion, The support teams are hit or miss, we went through 7 different support users to find one that we linked. In my opinion, Communication from Paychex Flex lacks on major issues, which involved us getting fines for not submitting taxes on time. In my opinion, the hiring platform is also underwhelming and needs work.

I'd like to be able to have more than one Guru card open at once.

the structure of the surveys. the layout of the lists after their status. better demo at the beginning of usage

Ability to customize from the home exercise program. Easier searching for exercises. Maybe adding an email customer service option for non urgent questions.

User-facing dashboard. Policy management for devices

The initial setup was easy, but the AWS S3 immutable was not documented well

The item size limit of 400KB is something which we faced issue with once since we had a file of around 1-2MB that wasn't getting uploaded to the DB due to this issue

When zooming in it can sometimes be glitchy. An easier way to group items - see Adobe as a good example

integration with Salesforce sometimes confusing to set up. bi-directional functionality between Monday and Salesforce. more intuitive way to set up permissions and access levels

The file storage sometimes includes email logos and the likes. These can sometimes clog things up and make finding the actual files you need difficult. The sort order of the Gantt charts is too inflexible. Automations that change fields based on the value of other fields can be a bit slow. It would be good to have more specific examples of how others have set up monday.com. I couldn't really find anything specific to my needs, and spent quite some time before arriving at a workable solution.

Ability to access application files within UI

Range of colors. Emoji availability. Knowledge library that easily syncs with Google, MS, etc.

One issue is when an email has large attachments, PhishER does not work correctly.

8x8 contact center and work needs to be integrated

I think the policy builder can be a little bit difficult to understand at first. I'm not really sure how you make it easier. Because I know it's a difficult difficult area of configuration to approach as is, but you know, once you figure it out, you get it. But to get there, it takes quite a while. I had to read the books, watch the videos, talk to the experts, and then finally I got it and then it all makes sense.

It can add more advanced security auditing. Transfer from RDS to another database is complex, it can be improves. Frequent UI changes make daily work a little more challenging until we become accustomed to the New UI. However, there is always a choice to return to the previous user interface. Must support all types of famous databases.

More specific notifications. Template Library Customisation - this way we don't have to recreate a new template every time. Offline access - it would be great to have access to this offline when for example en route. More specific notifications that go to individual's email and modification of email text. App functionality enhancements

Copy-pasting behavior from windows program is poor (formatting never comes over right). Some tasks in rare instances randomly disappear. They decided to limit which colors you can choose as a user for your theme

I find it hard to navigate. The automation is fiddly. The mailing list is difficult to navigate. They used to be good then they changed to being really expensive

Improved data around audience behavior. Creating events and tracking can be tedious. Some campaigns can slow down site speed. Some of the out of the box templates are cool but not complete

Reporting module needs to be more flexible as it is not easy to switch between data representations easily.

Billing process for Germany. App-speed on windows devices

Performance module needs more options for customization

Integration with third-party tools. I cannot stream NL test data to a third-party DB and then plot graphs out of it. Keyboard shortcuts. It is tedious to use the mouse to click everywhere. I'd love to have some keyboard shortcuts. Reports and Analytics. Lacks intelligence in identifying patterns of problems

Maybe the automation can be fix by us meaning the user and not from Birdeye support. So whenever I add new Survey I can just edit the VA automation myself. Currently, i need to ask them for help with this. But they respond quickly. making the google monitoring refresh to automate force refresh at least twice a day?. making the requirements on sending thru SFTP be more easier so I won't get too much failed send.

More flexibility and access to create dashboards without needing so many external tools. ability to create reference docs inside of a board, or a notes/cheat sheet section at the top of a board that doesn't have to fit the same structure as the rest of the working board

Sometimes the error messages are a bit ambiguous requiring tech support to clarify. Not every scheduled backup works 100%. That said, I let it roll as the following one typically will.

Gantt Chart. Widgets. Third Party App Integration

Integration. Complex Advanced features. Limited customization

Reporting. Screen simplicity. Data modeling

Keyword search are not 100% accurate, Need improvement on that. Simplifying Dashboard. Internal DB is not accurate enough

Cost Tracking. Printable Asset Sheets

Better crossover between users internally. This has improved over the years, but there still can be some duplication of work. WebSights - great tool, but far too often am I unable to nail down the exact location the browsing came from. Advanced support for niche industries - ZoomInfo does not always recognize the industries or technologies that many industrial, manufacturing, and construction companies use.

Not intuitive to set up. Not for novice users. Not enough of visual choices. Data not always verified properly

Webex Meetings desktop app does not show meeting information shared from the Hybrid Calendar Service. Noise cancellation sometimes doesn't work. logging

It took me while to grasp the analytics set-up. While targeting is great, there are limitations on the things you can target in the email flow

while the learning curve is good, onboarding could be better. more help tracing warnings

Fixing issues promptly. Fixing issues the first time.

Forms - being able to customize them even more, with pictures etc.

In my opinion, APIs / integrations are sometimes coming to their limit. In my experience, no general archive available - therefore data sets cannot be frozen. Data roll-up for different hierarchy levels (program / project / sub-project) is very limited, in my opinion. In my opinion, when having showing a large number projects navigation on project tab is not very handy

Pricing rules. Quote cart page

Managing each service is a bit challenging, especially SAP DI.

Better baseline layout of tool- can overwhelm at 1st with all the tools it has. Organized training modules by topic. User forums

Accessability. user friendliness

Some cards require access and initially, access is denied. If a card is outdated, there is no way of knowing up front. If there is no card associated with the search, suggested cards are sometimes not related to the search

Overall Cost - Mainframes are expensive but you get what you pay for. Software & Hardware Maintenance are pricey. Learning curve for employees. Many MF folks have retired or are looking to retire

As a big company I would love to see more of what my peers are doing, which flows are working and get more visibility on actions around the world, so it would be great to see top flows in my organization and any other staticts and examples that could be seen on the tool itself

Most of the problems that Adobe Analytics as of now is having, it is getting addressed in a newer tool called Web Desk DK from implementation. They are already addressing that issue with the new tool and also the time data with the customer general analytics. So there is something not in workspace analysis and this is what they're addressing in customer general analytics. Which is good.

Marketing automation feature is not there yet. However, they say that they will launch it in a product update soon, we are looking forward to it. Limited number of themes and pre-build components available.

Did not seem to allow for segmented RDS backup instances, you had to backup the full instance. Console commands and controls could be improved

I wish Adobe could have some documentation or maybe training sessions, webinars, and maybe more people, to talk about how to improve the platform. So for example, we're building the new templates for web pages. And sometimes when we work with our in-house IT team, and then we have to do a very good segregation between content and code. And for one instance we deploy the code, we accidentally override the templates that we authored before. So there's not much documentation that can be found on the Adobe Experience League.

Regular search. AI answers to questions. Nothing else comes to mind

Easier reporting engine. Better ADP API/Integrations - we have had a problem with ours since day 1. The onboarding process for new admins to be more streamlined with mentors, agendas created and following a certain plan. We do not feel like we were set up for success and only had major issues when setting up our current LMS (Dec 2022-Apr 2023)

User Interface Complexity. Integration Challenges. Customization. Scalability

